Potentially relevant for multi agent systems architectures:
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.01465
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2602.03798





Agyn: A Multi-Agent System for Team-Based
Autonomous Software Engineering
Nikita Benkovich
Agyn; Mila – Quebec AI Institute (e-Lab)
Tel-Aviv, Israel
benkovich@agyn.io
Vitalii Valkov
Agyn; Mila – Quebec AI Institute (e-Lab)
Tel-Aviv, Israel
vitalii@agyn.io
Abstract
Large language models have demonstrated strong capabilities in individual software
engineering tasks, yet most autonomous systems still treat issue resolution as a
monolithic or pipeline-based process. In contrast, real-world software development
is organized as a collaborative activity carried out by teams following shared
methodologies, with clear role separation, communication, and review. In this
work, we present a fully automated multi-agent system that explicitly models
software engineering as an organizational process, replicating the structure of an
engineering team. Built on top of AGYN, an open-source platform for configuring
agent teams, our system assigns specialized agents to roles such as coordination,
research, implementation, and review, provides them with isolated sandboxes for
experimentation, and enables structured communication. The system follows a
defined development methodology for working on issues, including analysis, task
specification, pull request creation, and iterative review, and operates without any
human intervention. Importantly, the system was designed for real production use
and was not tuned for SWE-bench. When evaluated post hoc on SWE-bench 500,
it resolves 72.2% of tasks, outperforming single-agent baselines using comparable
language models. Our results suggest that replicating team structure, methodology,
and communication is a powerful paradigm for autonomous software engineering,
and that future progress may depend as much on organizational design and agent
infrastructure as on model improvements.
1 Introduction
Large Language Models (LLMs) have recently demonstrated strong capabilities in software engineering tasks such as code understanding, bug fixing, and test generation. Benchmarks such as
SWE-bench [Jimenez et al., 2024] have emerged as a standard evaluation framework for measuring
progress toward autonomous software engineering agents by requiring systems to resolve real GitHub
issues through patches that pass repository test suites. Despite steady improvements in model quality,
building agents that can reliably solve such tasks in a fully automated manner remains a significant
challenge.
Most existing approaches to SWE-bench rely on single-agent architectures, where one agent is
responsible for issue understanding, repository exploration, code modification, and validation. These
agents are typically augmented with tools such as shell access, code editors, and search utilities, and
operate within a fixed scaffold. While effective in many cases, this paradigm places heterogeneous
responsibilities on a single agent and abstracts away important aspects of real-world software
development, including role specialization, peer review, and structured collaboration.
Recent work has explored increasing agent autonomy through richer action spaces and adaptive
behavior. Self-evolving agents dynamically extend their toolsets during task execution [Xia et al.,
Preprint. Under review.
arXiv:2602.01465v2 [cs.AI] 7 Feb 2026
2025], while generalist agent platforms provide flexible runtimes for executing complex sequences
of actions across diverse tasks [Wang et al., 2024]. However, these systems largely preserve a
single-agent or loosely delegated execution model, and are often designed or tuned explicitly around
benchmark settings. As a result, it remains unclear how well such systems transfer to real-world
development workflows that prioritize reliability, traceability, and cost efficiency over benchmarkspecific optimization.
In practice, software engineering is organized as a team-based process. Distinct roles such as
project coordination, implementation, review, and research interact through shared artifacts and
communication channels. On platforms like GitHub, this structure is formalized through issues, pull
requests, inline code reviews, and iterative feedback loops. Since SWE-bench is derived from real
GitHub issues, its tasks implicitly assume such workflows. Modeling software engineering as an
isolated patch-generation problem therefore omits an important dimension of realism.
Beyond workflow fidelity, organizational decomposition enables separation of responsibilities, which
is critical for scalable and efficient agent design. Different stages of software engineering impose
different requirements on context size, reasoning depth, tooling, and model capabilities. Exploratory
tasks such as issue analysis, repository understanding, and solution planning benefit from larger
context windows and stronger reasoning, while implementation and debugging require precise code
editing and rapid feedback cycles. A single-agent setup forces these heterogeneous requirements into
a uniform configuration, often leading to suboptimal performance or unnecessary computational cost.
In this work, we present a fully automated multi-agent system built on top of AGYN, an open-source
platform for configuring agent teams with explicit communication, role-specific prompts, tool access,
execution contexts, and LLM call tracing.
Importantly, this system was designed and deployed to solve real software development tasks in a
production environment, where it is used as part of day-to-day engineering workflows. The system
was not created specifically for SWE-bench, nor were its agents, prompts, or models tuned for the
benchmark. Instead, SWE-bench is used as a post hoc evaluation to assess how a production-oriented,
benchmark-agnostic system performs on a standardized academic benchmark.
Rather than treating software engineering as a monolithic task, our system decomposes it into
specialized responsibilities carried out by a coordinated team of agents. We configure a multi-agent
team consisting of a manager, engineer, reviewer, and researcher. Each agent operates with a welldefined objective, its own workspace, and a tailored set of tools. Agents may be backed by different
language models depending on their role. In our setup, implementation-focused agents use smaller,
code-specialized models such as GPT-5-Codex to efficiently perform coding and debugging tasks,
while agents responsible for issue analysis, repository exploration, and task specification use larger
general-purpose models such as GPT-5 with stronger reasoning and broader context capabilities. This
role-specific model allocation reflects real production constraints and enables the system to balance
solution quality, cost, and execution efficiency.
To mirror real-world development practices, the system executes a GitHub-native workflow that
closely resembles human collaboration. Issues are analyzed, changes are proposed through pull
requests, feedback is provided via inline code reviews, and revisions are iteratively applied until
the solution is accepted. The entire process is fully automated and does not involve any human
intervention. To support this workflow, we develop custom tools that provide agents with fine-grained
access to GitHub primitives, including automated pull request creation, submission, and inline review
capabilities.
We evaluate this production-deployed system on SWE-bench 500 under a fully automated setting.
Our results demonstrate that modeling software engineering as a multi-agent organizational process,
combined with native GitHub interaction and role-specific model configurations, is a viable and competitive approach to autonomous issue resolution, even without benchmark-specific tuning. Beyond
benchmark performance, our work highlights the importance of workflow design, responsibility separation, and organizational structure as first-class considerations in the development of autonomous
software engineering systems.
Our central hypothesis is that explicitly modeling software engineering as an organizational process
with role and workspace separation, coordination, and review can be as important for autonomous
issue resolution as improvements in underlying agents.
2
Contributions.
• An open-source platform (agyn1
) for configuring and orchestrating multi-agent systems with
explicit communication, roles, and dedicated sandboxes for autonomous research and execution.
• A structured multi-agent software engineering team with distinct roles, prompts, tools, and rolespecific model configurations.
• Custom tooling that enables agents to perform inline code reviews and manage pull requests
autonomously.
• An empirical evaluation on SWE-bench 500, demonstrating competitive performance, with a 7.4%
higher issue resolution than the baseline mini-SWE-agent under comparable model configurations.
• An open artifact set: forked SWE-bench repositories, opened issues and pull requests, and visible
agent communication traces.
2 Background and Related Work
SWE-bench is a benchmark designed to evaluate autonomous software engineering systems on
real-world tasks derived from GitHub repositories [Jimenez et al., 2024]. Each task consists of
a natural language issue description, a snapshot of the repository state, and a test suite used for
verification. Successfully resolving a task requires understanding the issue, navigating the codebase,
producing code changes, and validating the solution through testing. As such, SWE-bench evaluates
end-to-end software engineering behavior rather than isolated code generation.
Early approaches to SWE-bench primarily relied on single-agent systems augmented with execution
tools such as shell access, code editing, and search [Yang et al., 2024]. These systems embed a
language model in an interaction loop that alternates between reasoning and acting within a repository
environment. While this approach demonstrated that LLM-based agents can resolve a subset of real
issues, it also exposed limitations related to long-horizon reasoning, error recovery, and the difficulty
of handling heterogeneous subtasks within a single agent configuration.
A representative lightweight single-agent baseline is mini-SWE-agent [SWE-agent Team, 2024],
which deliberately minimizes agent scaffolding in order to emphasize language model capabilities.
The system relies solely on Bash execution, maintains a linear interaction history, and executes
actions as independent subprocess calls, making it easy to sandbox and evaluate across different
models. This design makes mini-SWE-agent well suited as a baseline for SWE-bench, particularly in
settings that aim to isolate model performance from agent infrastructure.
A class of approaches focuses on providing general-purpose execution environments for software
engineering agents. A representative example is OpenHands [Wang et al., 2024], which offers a
sandboxed runtime in which agents can modify code, execute commands, browse the web, and
interact with external tools. These platforms aim to decouple agent logic from low-level execution
details by exposing standardized interaction primitives and isolated execution environments. Such
environments allow agents to iteratively modify code, run tests, and inspect results during task
execution.
Another line of work explores increasing agent capability through adaptive behavior during task
execution, including systems that dynamically synthesize new tools or utilities in response to task
demands [Xia et al., 2025]. By expanding the agent’s action space beyond a fixed scaffold, these
approaches improve flexibility and have demonstrated strong performance on SWE-bench variants.
However, they typically retain a monolithic execution model, where a single agent remains responsible
for the full task lifecycle.
Multi-agent architectures have also been explored for software engineering tasks in the form of
pipeline-based systems. TRAE organizes agents into a fixed sequence for patch generation, pruning,
and selection, with different agents potentially using different configurations tailored to their roles
[Gao et al., 2025]. Prometheus similarly structures issue resolution as a predefined sequence of agents
for classification, issue reproduction, patch generation, and verification, supported by structured
repository retrieval [Chen et al., 2025]. While these systems differ in emphasis (TRAE focusing on
candidate generation and selection, and Prometheus on structured context retrieval and verification),
1
https://github.com/agynio/platform
3
they share a common design choice of encoding software engineering as a predefined multi-stage
pipeline, where the number of stages and interactions is fixed in advance.
Across these approaches, most systems are designed and evaluated primarily with benchmark performance in mind. Prompts, tools, and configurations are often refined based on evaluation feedback,
and success is measured by resolution rates on standardized test sets. While this methodology enables
controlled comparison, it provides limited insight into how such systems transfer to production software development environments, where constraints related to cost efficiency, traceability, reliability,
and failure recovery are central.
Positioning of our work. Our approach differs from prior work by modeling software engineering
as an open-ended, manager-coordinated process carried out by a team of specialized agents. Rather
than defining a fixed execution pipeline or relying on large-scale parallel generation, we organize
agents into roles with distinct responsibilities and allow the coordination process to evolve dynamically. The number of interaction steps, revisions, and review cycles is not predetermined and is
instead governed by a manager agent based on intermediate outcomes.
Each agent in our system operates within its own execution environment, where it can independently
modify code, run tests, and explore alternative solutions. These environments are treated as first-class
components of the system and are aligned with agent roles, enabling isolation of experiments, parallel
exploration, and controlled integration of changes. This mirrors how human developers work with
local development environments while coordinating through shared artifacts.
Instead of encoding a rigid pipeline, we provide the manager agent with a methodology that reflects
real software development practice: research and understanding, task specification, issue formulation,
implementation via pull requests, and iterative review cycles until approval. This methodology
constrains how work is organized without prescribing how many steps must be taken or how agents
must interact at each stage.
Finally, our system was developed and deployed to solve real software development tasks in a
production environment and is used as part of day-to-day engineering workflows. It was not designed
specifically for SWE-bench, nor were its agent configurations or models tuned for the benchmark.
SWE-bench is used as a post hoc evaluation to assess how a production-first, benchmark-agnostic
system performs on a standardized benchmark.
Our objective is to build an autonomous software development team composed of AI agents, provide
this team with the tools and environments required for coding, research, and testing, and study how
such a team collaborates to resolve real software issues. This framing emphasizes organizational
structure, coordination, and system-level behavior over isolated agent performance.
3 Solution Overview
Our solution is built on top of AGYN, an open-source platform designed to construct and configure
multi-agent systems operating over real software artifacts. The platform provides abstractions for
agents, execution environments, coordination, and tooling. In this section, we describe the system
design used in our evaluation, including agent roles, coordination logic, execution environments,
automation-oriented interaction design, and the GitHub-native workflow.
At a high level, the system models software engineering as a team-based process carried out by
multiple autonomous agents with distinct responsibilities. Agents are configured independently
and do not share a single global context or prompt. Each agent operates within its own execution
environment, while coordination is handled explicitly by a manager agent. The system does not
follow a fixed pipeline or assume a predetermined number of steps; instead, the interaction pattern
emerges dynamically based on task complexity and intermediate results.
3.1 Agents and role specialization
Agents are first-class entities in the system. Each agent is defined by a role-specific objective, a
prompt encoding its responsibilities, a set of permitted tools, an isolated execution environment, and
a language model configuration. This separation allows each agent to maintain a focused context
aligned with its role and enables differentiated allocation of computational resources.
4
We configure a team consisting of four roles: manager, researcher, engineer, and reviewer.
The manager agent is responsible for overall coordination and process control. It synthesizes outputs
from other agents, maintains the task state, and decides which agent to invoke next. Rather than
executing work directly, the manager applies a high-level methodology inspired by real software development practice, including deciding when additional research is required, when a task specification
should be refined, when implementation should begin, and when review or revision is necessary.
The researcher agent focuses on understanding the issue and the repository. It explores relevant
code paths, identifies likely root causes, and produces structured task specifications that guide
implementation.
The engineer agent is responsible for implementation. It modifies code, runs tests, and iteratively
refines solutions within its execution environment. Implementation-focused agents use smaller,
code-specialized language models to balance cost and effectiveness during iterative development.
The reviewer agent is responsible for evaluating proposed changes through the pull request review
process on GitHub. It inspects code diffs and opens an explicit pull request review. If issues are
detected, the reviewer leaves inline comments and requests changes; if the solution satisfies the task
requirements and passes validation, the reviewer approves the pull request. This explicit approveor-request-changes mechanism serves as a concrete acceptance signal for the system and is used to
determine when implementation work can be considered complete.
Different agents may use different language models depending on their role. Reasoning-heavy
agents such as the manager and researcher are backed by larger general-purpose models, while
implementation-focused agents use smaller, code-specialized models. This role-specific configuration
reflects production constraints and improves overall efficiency.
3.2 Execution environments
Each agent operates within its own isolated execution environment that supports code modification,
command execution, and test running. These environments are treated as first-class components of
the system and are aligned with agent roles. Agents can freely explore the codebase, test partial
solutions, and discard failed attempts without affecting other agents or the shared repository state.
Agents are granted direct access to a shell within their environments. We intentionally avoid providing
a large set of predefined tools or preconfigured dependencies. Beyond basic version control utilities
(git) and GitHub interaction (gh), agents are given access to the Nix package manager, allowing
them to install and configure project-specific dependencies as needed.
We found that starting from an empty or minimally provisioned environment is more effective than
using predefined environments. In several tasks, particularly in benchmark settings, correct execution
required adjusting dependency versions, such as downgrading the Python interpreter or specific
libraries to match repository constraints. Preconfigured environments often constrained this flexibility
and introduced implicit assumptions that conflicted with project requirements.
To further control context growth during execution, we modify shell behavior to handle large outputs
explicitly. When a command produces output exceeding a predefined threshold (50,000 tokens), the
output is automatically redirected to a file in a temporary directory rather than being returned inline.
The agent receives a reference to this file and can selectively inspect its contents using subsequent
shell commands. This mechanism prevents large command outputs from overwhelming the language
model context while preserving full access to the information when needed.
By allowing agents to construct their environments explicitly through shell commands and package
management, and by controlling how execution outputs are surfaced, the system better supports
heterogeneous repositories and long-running tasks without unnecessary context expansion.
3.3 Communication and coordination
Agents in our system do not communicate directly with each other. Instead, coordination is explicitly
mediated by the manager agent through a dedicated manage tool. This tool allows the manager to
invoke other agents, provide them with task-specific context, and collect their outputs. All inter-agent
communication therefore flows through the manager, which serves as the single coordination point.
5
The manager agent applies a high-level development methodology that mirrors real software engineering practice. Tasks are organized around research and understanding, task specification and
issue formulation, implementation via a pull request, and iterative review cycles until approval. This
methodology defines how work is structured, while the number of iterations and transitions between
phases are determined dynamically based on intermediate outcomes.
While AGYN can support more complex communication patterns, including direct agent-to-agent
interactions, we intentionally adopt a manager-centric coordination model in this work. This design simplifies control flow, improves traceability, and aligns with a project-lead style of software
development.
3.4 GitHub-native workflow and tooling
Coordination between agents is grounded in a GitHub-native workflow, which serves as the primary
medium for persistent state and collaboration. To clearly distinguish agent actions, we create separate
GitHub accounts for each agent role, allowing agents to appear as distinct contributors when opening
issues, submitting pull requests, and leaving reviews.
Initial iterations relied on GitHub API access through an MCP-based integration. In practice, API
responses included substantial auxiliary metadata, which inflated context size and degraded agent
performance, particularly in review-heavy workflows. To reduce this overhead, we transitioned most
interactions to the command-line utility gh, which provides more compact, human-oriented outputs
that can be further filtered using standard shell utilities when needed.
While gh is effective for repository inspection and pull request management, it does not adequately
support reading and authoring inline pull request reviews. To address this, we developed a custom
extension, gh-pr-review2
, which exposes a compact interface for accessing review threads and
submitting inline comments. This enables agents to fully participate in iterative pull request review
loops in a form suitable for language model reasoning.
3.5 Test-driven execution strategy
Our system follows a test-driven execution strategy for implementation. The engineer agent is
instructed to begin work by running the existing test suite to establish a baseline and to re-run tests
after each substantive code change. When the initial test state is clean and failures correspond directly
to the reported issue, this approach provides a reliable feedback signal that guides incremental fixes
and helps prevent regressions.
In practice, some SWE-bench tasks exhibit pre-existing test failures that are not directly related to the
requested change. In such cases, a strict test-driven loop can introduce ambiguity, as the engineer
agent may attempt to address unrelated failures and expand the scope of changes beyond the original
issue. This can shift the agent’s trajectory away from the intended solution and negatively affect
overall coordination. We discuss the implications of this behavior in Section 5.
3.6 Automation-oriented interaction design
Modern language models are primarily fine-tuned for conversational settings and often exhibit
behaviors optimized for human-in-the-loop interaction, such as requesting approval to proceed,
proposing plans and waiting for confirmation, or producing partial outputs while expecting further
instructions. Such behaviors are incompatible with a fully automated system, where progress must be
made without external feedback.
To address this, we design the system explicitly for automation-first execution. Agent prompts
emphasize autonomous task completion and discourage requests for approval or confirmation. In
addition, we enforce objective acceptance criteria at the system level. For example, a task is considered
complete only when a pull request has been approved by the reviewer agent, rather than when an
agent produces a natural language completion message.
Because only the manager agent is allowed to interact with the user, we further constrain its behavior to
prevent premature termination. The manager is required to signal completion by invoking a dedicated
2
https://github.com/agynio/gh-pr-review
6
finish tool. If the manager produces a non-functional output instead of a tool invocation, the system
responds with an instruction emphasizing that work must continue autonomously. This ensures that
the manager remains inside the coordination loop until completion conditions are satisfied.
At the same time, to preserve the ability to emit informational output without breaking automation,
we introduce a separate send_message tool. This tool allows agents to communicate status or
intermediate information without signaling task completion. Separating communication from control
flow helps prevent conversational behaviors from interfering with autonomous execution.
Finally, to support long-running tasks and maintain a bounded context window, we implement
automatic context summarization. When the accumulated interaction history reaches a predefined
threshold, earlier parts of the context are summarized and replaced with a compact representation that
preserves key decisions, artifacts, and a status of a plan. This approach maintains a bounded context
window while preserving critical task state needed for continued execution and decision-making.
4 Experimental Setup and Results
We evaluate our system on SWE-bench 500 under a fully automated setting. The evaluated system is
identical to the one used in production and was not modified or tuned specifically for the benchmark.
We focus on the text-only SWE-bench 500 setting [Jimenez et al., 2024] and leave evaluation on
multimodal software engineering tasks [Yang et al., 2025] to future work.
4.1 System configuration
We use a fixed configuration across all tasks. The manager and researcher agents are backed by GPT-5
(medium reasoning), while the engineer and reviewer agents use GPT-5-Codex (medium reasoning).
Each agent employs automatic context summarization with a fixed symbol budget to bound context
growth during long-running tasks.
For each task, we fork the corresponding repository and create a dedicated base branch that serves as
the execution entry point. Agents are required to open a pull request against this branch, with the task
identifier included in the pull request title. A task is considered successfully completed only when the
pull request is explicitly approved by the reviewer agent. All forks and pull requests generated during
evaluation are publicly available, allowing external inspection of agent behavior and coordination
across tasks.
4.2 Evaluation protocol
All tasks are executed end-to-end without any human intervention. Once a task is started, the
manager agent coordinates research, task specification, implementation, and review according to
the methodology described in Section 3. Iteration continues until the reviewer approves the pull
request or a termination condition is reached. No manual prompt edits, corrective actions, or tool
interventions are applied during execution.
4.3 Results
On SWE-bench 500, our system resolves 72.2% of tasks in a fully automated setting. To disentangle
the effect of system design from underlying model capability, we focus on a comparison among
systems built on GPT-5–family models. As shown in Table 1, our manager-coordinated, workfloworiented multi-agent system achieves the highest resolution rate within this subset, outperforming
single-agent and pipeline-based approaches using comparable model configurations.
While the comparison isolates systems using GPT-5–family models, higher absolute scores have been
reported by systems built on more powerful models. For example, mini-SWE-agent with Gemini 3
Pro Preview achieves 74.2% on SWE-bench 500. At the same time, within the broader leaderboard,
many modern systems cluster tightly in the 70–75% range despite employing substantially different
architectures, coordination strategies, and underlying models. In this context, our result demonstrates
that a manager-coordinated, workflow-oriented multi-agent system can achieve competitive performance without relying on multi-attempt candidate generation or benchmark-specific optimization,
highlighting the impact of organizational structure and coordination alongside model choice.
7
Table 1: SWE-bench 500 results for systems using GPT-5–family models.
System Score (%)
agyn + GPT-5 / GPT-5-codex (medium reasoning) 72.2
OpenHands + GPT-5 71.8
mini-SWE-agent + GPT-5.2 (high reasoning) 71.8
mini-SWE-agent + GPT-5 (medium reasoning) 65.0
4.4 Discussion
Small numerical differences on the leaderboard should therefore be interpreted with caution. Benchmark resolution rates capture only a subset of factors that determine real-world effectiveness, omitting
considerations such as environment robustness, dependency management, automation stability, cost,
and traceability. From this perspective, our results suggest that system-level design choices can
meaningfully influence performance, even when using comparable or weaker model configurations.
Beyond aggregate performance, the central contribution of this work is demonstrating that team-based
coordination among specialized agents is a viable and effective paradigm for autonomous software
engineering. Rather than relying on a single monolithic agent or a rigid execution pipeline, our system
models development as a collaborative process involving agents with distinct roles, responsibilities,
and execution environments. The ability of agents to communicate through structured coordination,
iterate through review cycles, and jointly converge on a solution is a key factor in the observed
performance.
We believe this team-oriented approach represents a promising direction for future agentic systems.
As the community increasingly focuses on developing strong, reusable agent skills (such as proficiency in specific programming languages, frameworks, and ecosystems, as well as skills traditionally
associated with quality assurance, testing, debugging, and code review), we expect agents to become
more specialized and effective within well-defined domains. The ability to organize agents with complementary skills into coherent teams, providing them with appropriate environments, coordination
mechanisms, and communication primitives, has the potential to significantly boost overall system
performance beyond what can be achieved by individual agents alone. From this perspective, progress
in agent infrastructure and organizational design may play a role as important as improvements in
underlying models.
5 Challenges, Limitations, and Future Work
While our system achieves strong performance on SWE-bench 500, the evaluation revealed limitations
that are largely induced by the benchmark setup itself. Agent performance is highly trajectorydependent: early obstacles—such as failures during environment setup, dependency installation,
or test execution—can significantly affect downstream behavior and solution quality. Although
SWE-bench is derived from real GitHub issues, many tasks originate from repositories and issues
created years ago, under assumptions about tooling and dependencies that no longer hold.
As a result, agents may encounter errors that are incidental to the task rather than indicative of
incorrect reasoning or implementation. In some cases, these failures interrupted execution or caused
the system to diverge irrecoverably. To remain close to real-world development conditions, where
work may be interrupted and resumed, we allowed the system to continue from intermediate states
when such failures occurred. This continuation was performed from persisted GitHub artifacts
without modifying agent prompts, tool configurations, or intermediate outputs.For example, if an
agent successfully created an issue or partial implementation but execution was interrupted before
completion, we resumed the run from that state and instructed the system to proceed. This approach
reflects practical engineering workflows and avoids conflating benchmark-induced infrastructure
failures with agent capability.
5.1 Testing, legacy dependencies, and infrastructure drift
Our system follows a test-driven workflow in which the engineer agent runs tests before and after
making changes. This approach works well when dependencies install cleanly and the initial test
8
state reflects the intended repository behavior. However, for a substantial portion of SWE-bench
tasks, these assumptions do not hold.
Although SWE-bench is derived from real GitHub issues, many tasks originate from repositories
created years ago and depend on legacy language versions, libraries, or CI infrastructure that no longer
function reliably in modern environments. As a result, agents may encounter failures unrelated to the
task itself. For example, some repositories fail CI due to deprecated GitHub Actions components,
producing errors such as: “This request has been automatically failed because it uses a deprecated
version of actions/cache: v2.”
When faced with such issues, agents attempt realistic recovery strategies, including dependency
downgrades, environment reconfiguration, or CI adjustments. While appropriate in production
settings, these efforts consume context, time, and resources, and can divert agents away from the
original task. In several cases, early environment-related failures dominated the execution trajectory
and prevented agents from returning to the intended fix.
This behavior reflects a mismatch between production-oriented development workflows and benchmark evaluations, where expected solutions may implicitly assume an idealized or historically accurate
execution context. When we observed that such infrastructure-induced failures consistently disrupted
execution, we explicitly instructed agents to deprioritize CI checks that were clearly unrelated to the
requested code change, even though this differs from standard real-world development practice.
5.2 Infrastructure and resource constraints
Our evaluation was conducted on a single MacBook Pro while allowing multiple tasks to execute
in parallel. Each task involved multiple agents operating in isolated execution environments and
frequently running test suites inside Docker containers. Under these conditions, we encountered
memory pressure and occasional out-of-memory (OOM) failures when parallelism exceeded available
resources.
Rather than indicating a limitation of the approach itself, this experience highlights the opportunity
enabled by modern agentic systems to tackle large volumes of software engineering tasks concurrently.
Scaling such systems with resource-aware scheduling, adaptive concurrency control, and distributed
infrastructure would enable autonomous agent teams to address large backlogs of real-world engineering tasks in parallel, potentially changing the paradigm of how software products are built and
maintained.
5.3 Over-engineering relative to benchmark targets
Another recurring challenge is that agents often attempt to do more than what is expected by the
benchmark. In real-world development, it is common to improve test coverage, address linting
issues, or refactor related code as part of a fix. However, SWE-bench gold patches are sometimes
intentionally minimal and may omit tests or tolerate stylistic issues.
As a result, patches produced by our system occasionally differed from the benchmark’s expected
solution, even when they were functionally correct. This mismatch illustrates a tension between
production-oriented development practices and benchmark evaluation criteria, and suggests that
success on benchmarks may sometimes reward under-specification rather than robustness.
5.4 Long-running tests and execution limits
Some repositories include test suites that are computationally expensive or slow to execute. Because
tool calls are subject to execution time limits, long-running tests were occasionally terminated
prematurely. In response, agents attempted alternative strategies such as running subsets of tests,
batching execution, or parallelizing test runs.
While often reasonable, these explorations introduced additional complexity and sometimes influenced agent trajectories in unintended ways. This highlights the need for better mechanisms to reason
about test selection, time budgeting, and partial validation in autonomous systems.
9
5.5 Coordination and communication semantics
Effective coordination between agents proved to be non-trivial. In particular, it was initially difficult to
ensure that agents followed a consistent communication protocol. At times, the manager agent waited
for actions from other agents that had already completed their work, leading to stalled execution.
To address this, we explicitly required agents to signal completion and readiness for further tasks,
and reinforced coordination semantics through the manage tool with clear instructions governing
communication flow. After these adjustments, coordination behavior became significantly more
reliable. This experience highlights that clear communication contracts are essential for stable
multi-agent collaboration.
5.6 Future directions
These challenges point to several directions for future work. Improving robustness to early failures,
introducing mechanisms for trajectory correction and rollback, and developing better abstractions
for environment and dependency management remain open problems. In addition, more expressive
coordination primitives and resource-aware execution strategies will be necessary as agent teams
grow larger and more specialized.
More broadly, our experience suggests that progress in autonomous software engineering will depend
not only on improvements in language models, but also on advances in agent infrastructure, communication design, and organizational structure. Enabling teams of specialized agents to collaborate
effectively over long horizons remains a key challenge and a promising opportunity for future agentic
systems.
References
Zimin Chen, Yue Pan, Siyu Lu, Jiayi Xu, Claire Le Goues, Martin Monperrus, and He Ye.
Prometheus: Unified knowledge graphs for issue resolution in multilingual codebases. arXiv
preprint arXiv:2507.19942, 2025. doi: 10.48550/arXiv.2507.19942.
Pengfei Gao, Zhao Tian, Xiangxin Meng, Xinchen Wang, Ruida Hu, Yuanan Xiao, Yizhou Liu,
Zhao Zhang, Junjie Chen, Cuiyun Gao, Yun Lin, Yingfei Xiong, Chao Peng, Xia Liu, et al.
Trae agent: An llm-based agent for software engineering with test-time scaling. arXiv preprint
arXiv:2507.23370, 2025. doi: 10.48550/arXiv.2507.23370.
Carlos E. Jimenez, John Yang, Alexander Wettig, Shunyu Yao, Kexin Pei, Ofir Press, and Karthik R.
Narasimhan. SWE-bench: Can language models resolve real-world github issues? In International
Conference on Learning Representations, 2024. URL https://openreview.net/forum?id=
VTF8yNQM66.
SWE-agent Team. mini-swe-agent. https://github.com/SWE-agent/mini-swe-agent, 2024.
Accessed 2026-01-14.
Xingyao Wang, Boxuan Li, Yufan Song, Frank F. Xu, Xiangru Tang, Mingchen Zhuge, Jiayi Pan,
Yueqi Song, Bowen Li, Jaskirat Singh, et al. Openhands: An open platform for ai software
developers. arXiv preprint arXiv:2407.16741, 2024. doi: 10.48550/arXiv.2407.16741.
Chunqiu Steven Xia, Zhe Wang, Yan Yang, Yuxiang Wei, and Lingming Zhang. Live-swe-agent: Can
software engineering agents self-evolve on the fly? arXiv preprint arXiv:2511.13646, 2025. doi:
10.48550/arXiv.2511.13646.
John Yang, Carlos E. Jimenez, Alexander Wettig, Kilian Lieret, Shunyu Yao, Karthik Narasimhan,
and Ofir Press. Swe-agent: Agent-computer interfaces enable automated software engineering.
arXiv preprint arXiv:2405.15793, 2024. doi: 10.48550/arXiv.2405.15793.
John Yang, Carlos E. Jimenez, Alex L. Zhang, Kilian Lieret, Joyce Yang, Xindi Wu, Ori Press, Niklas
Muennighoff, Gabriel Synnaeve, Karthik R. Narasimhan, Diyi Yang, Sida I. Wang, and Ofir Press.
SWE-bench multimodal: Do ai systems generalize to visual software domains? In International
Conference on Learning Representations, 2025. URL https://openreview.net/forum?id=
riTiq3i21b.
10





FullStack-Agent: Enhancing Agentic Full-Stack Web Coding
via Development-Oriented Testing and Repository Back-Translation
Zimu Lu * 1 Houxing Ren * 1 Yunqiao Yang 1 Ke Wang 1 Zhuofan Zong 1 Mingjie Zhan † 1 Hongsheng Li † 1 2 3
Abstract
Assisting non-expert users to develop complex
interactive websites has become a popular task
for LLM-powered code agents. However, existing code agents tend to only generate frontend
web pages, masking the lack of real full-stack
data processing and storage with fancy visual effects. Notably, constructing production-level fullstack web applications is far more challenging
than only generating frontend web pages, demanding careful control of data flow, comprehensive
understanding of constantly updating packages
and dependencies, and accurate localization of
obscure bugs in the codebase. To address these
difficulties, we introduce FullStack-Agent, a unified agent system for full-stack agentic coding
that consists of three parts: (1) FullStack-Dev,
a multi-agent framework with strong planning,
code editing, codebase navigation, and bug localization abilities. (2) FullStack-Learn, an innovative data-scaling and self-improving method
that back-translates crawled and synthesized website repositories to improve the backbone LLM of
FullStack-Dev. (3) FullStack-Bench, a comprehensive benchmark that systematically tests the
frontend, backend and database functionalities of
the generated website. Our FullStack-Dev outperforms the previous state-of-the-art method by
8.7%, 38.2%, and 15.9% on the frontend, backend, and database test cases respectively. Additionally, FullStack-Learn raises the performance
of a 30B model by 9.7%, 9.5%, and 2.8% on the
three sets of test cases through self-improvement,
demonstrating the effectiveness of our approach.
The code is released at https://github.
com/mnluzimu/FullStack-Agent.
1Multimedia Laboratory (MMLab), The Chinese University
of Hong Kong 2
Shenzhen Loop Area Institute 3Ace Robotics.
Correspondence to: Zimu Lu <luzimu@link.cuhk.edu.hk>,
Mingjie Zhan <zhanmingjie@sensetime.com>, Hongsheng Li
<hsli@ee.cuhk.edu.hk>.
Preprint. February 4, 2026.
1. Introduction
Assisting non-expert users to develop complicated web applications based on natural language instructions has become a popular task for Large Language Model (LLM)-
powered (Qwen, 2025b; Wang et al., 2025). Various commercial products1
and research studies (Lu et al., 2025a;
Wan et al., 2025) have provided solutions to this task through
agentic coding, code execution, and GUI-agent–based testing. However, these systems tend to generate frontend-only
websites even when a backend and data storage are needed
to fully support the functionality required by user instructions. They often mask the lack of real data flow with fancy
visual effects to create an appearance of interactivity. For
example, in one generated website, while a form can be
submitted and a success notice appears, no data would actually be processed or stored due to the lack of a backend
and database implementation. Additionally, many of these
methods generate only an HTML file (Xiao et al., 2025a; Si
et al., 2025) or a very simple codebase (Lu et al., 2025a),
lacking scalability for production environments.
However, full-stack websites are rather complicated, making it hard to design effective generation methods. There
are at least three challenges in building code agents capable of generating production-grade full-stack websites: (1)
Real-world web development frameworks, such as Next.js
and NestJS, involve large, complex codebases, requiring
efficient code navigation and accurate localization and correction of obscure errors. (2) The complicated workflow of
full-stack coding demands long-term reasoning, skillful tool
invocation, and expert mastery of web packages–areas in
which current backbone LLMs still have considerable room
for improvement. (3) Evaluating full-stack website generation remains challenging, as existing GUI-agent-based
benchmarks such as WebGen-Bench (Lu et al., 2025b) primarily judge UI-level interactions and fail to detect missing
or incorrect backend implementations.
To address these challenges, we introduce FullStack-Agent,
a unified system for full-stack website generation that aims
to close the gap between real-world web development and
current agentic approaches. It jointly advances the effective1
https://bolt.new, https://lovable.dev
1
arXiv:2602.03798v1 [cs.SE] 3 Feb 2026
FullStack-Agent
ness of full-stack development workflows, the agentic coding ability of backbone LLMs, and the comprehensiveness
of website evaluation by proposing three tightly coupled
components that work together to enable scalable and verifiable full-stack website construction. The three components,
covering the agent framework, backbone LLM training, and
full-stack evaluation, are detailed below:
FullStack-Dev To effectively coordinate the complicated
development workflow of full-stack website generation, we
propose FullStack-Dev, a multi-agent system that takes inspiration from real-world development processes. A planning agent, serving as the lead architect, designs the structure of the full-stack website, and delegates frontend and
backend plans to the corresponding coding agents. The two
coding agents serve as frontend and backend engineers, and
are equipped with efficient code editing, shell command
execution, and website debugging tools, allowing them to
dynamically control the coding process. In particular, the
specially designed frontend and backend debugging tools
can efficiently locate and correct subtle errors, greatly enhancing the coding agents’ development abilities.
FullStack-Learn Even with a powerful agent framework,
the agentic coding skills and expert knowledge possessed
by the backbone LLM are still crucial to the overall performance of the system. Therefore, we introduce FullStackLearn, a data-scaling and model self-improvement method
that generates high-quality agent trajectories through augmentation and back-translation of website repositories collected from GitHub. Our artful design combines global
planning and information gathering with local code implementation, effectively solving the non-trivial problem of
converting a complicated repository into agent trajectories
that implement it from scratch. These agent trajectories,
generated from real-world codebases and used for supervised fine-tuning, enable the LLMs to learn valuable agentic
coding abilities and expert understanding of website development frameworks.
FullStack-Bench Existing website evaluation benchmarks such as WebGen-Bench (Lu et al., 2025b) focus on
frontend reactions observed by a GUI-agent judge, failing
to detect false positive cases that show correct frontend effects yet lack a real backend implementation. To solve this
problem, we introduce FullStack-Bench, a full-stack evaluation benchmark that tests frontend, backend, and database
functionalities by leveraging agent judges to run multiple
carefully constructed test cases on each website. During
frontend and backend tests, database logs are also gathered
and evaluated to ensure that the actions are accompanied by
adequate interactions with the database.
Together, the three components of the FullStack-Agent system comprehensively address the challenges of productionlevel full-stack development and significantly improve performance on full-stack code generation. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. Testing FullStack-Dev with Qwen3-Coder-480B-A35B-Instruct
as the backbone LLM on FullStack-Bench results in accuracies of 64.7%, 77.8%, and 77.9% in frontend, backend, and
database test cases respectively, outperforming the previous
state-of-the-art method by 8.7%, 38.2%, and 15.9%. Additionally, training Qwen3-Coder-30B-Instruct with FullStackLearn improves its accuracy by 9.7%, 9.5%, and 2.8% in
the three sets of test cases respectively, demonstrating the
effectiveness of our training method.
In summary, our contributions are as follows:
• We introduce FullStack-Dev, a multi-agent full-stack development framework with highly effective coding tools,
significantly outperforming the previous state-of-the-art
method.
• We propose FullStack-Learn, an iterative selfimprovement method that substantially improves
the full-stack development ability of the backbone LLM
through repository augmentation and back-translation.
• We construct FullStack-Bench, a novel benchmark that
comprehensively evaluates the functionalities of the generated full-stack websites.
2. FullStack-Agent
In this section, we introduce FullStack-Agent, a unified
system for agentic full-stack development that consists of a
multi-agent framework for full-stack generation, an iterative
self-improvement pipeline for backbone LLM training, and
a comprehensive benchmark for full-stack evaluation.
2.1. FullStack-Dev
To address the challenges of full-stack development, such
as constructing efficient data flows, managing complex
file structures, and debugging obscure bugs, we propose
FullStack-Dev, a multi-agent framework with powerful tools
for dynamic coding and debugging. As shown in the left
part of Fig. 1, it starts with the Planning Agent, which generates high-level frontend and backend development plans,
much like a lead full-stack architect. The plans are sent
to the coding agents, which serve as frontend and backend
engineers. Then the Backend Coding Agent starts developing the backend, and provides a summary of the APIs
it constructed. Finally, the Frontend Coding Agent creates
the frontend based on the backend APIs. The agents work
in sandbox environments to ensure isolation, safety, and
execution stability.
2
FullStack-Agent
Existing Repositories
Agent Trajectories
FullStack-Dev
Multi-Agent Framework
FullStack-Learn
Iterative Self-Improvement Pipeline
FullStack-Bench
Full-Stack Evaluation Benchmark
Planning Agent
Backend Coding Agent
Frontend Coding Agent
Crawled Website
Repositories Repository Augmentation
Information Gathering Agent
Trajectory Back-Translation Agent Backbone
LLM
Frontend Judge Agent
Backend Judge Agent
Database Judge Agent
Frontend
Test Cases
Backend
Test Cases
Database
Test Cases
Generated
Websites
Tools
Supervised
Fine-Tuning
Figure 1. The FullStack-Agent system. It combines a multi-agent development framework equipped with efficient coding and debugging
tools (FullStack-Dev), an iterative self-improvement method that enhances LLMs through repository augmentation and back-translation
(FullStack-Learn), and a comprehensive benchmark evaluating frontend, backend, and database functionalities (FullStack-Bench).
Planning Agent. The Planning Agent takes the user instruction and creates a high-level frontend and backend
development plan that focuses on describing the page layouts, components, and data flow of the frontend as well
as the entities and API endpoints used by the backend. It
outputs the frontend and backend designs in JSON format,
which is both easy to parse and straightforward for the downstream coding agents to understand. All data structures in
the plans are defined down to the most granular types (e.g.,
integer), ensuring the smooth data flow among the frontend,
the backend, and the database.
Coding Agents. The Backend Coding Agent and the Frontend Coding Agent run sequentially to implement the plans
generated by the Planning Agent. Both agents are equipped
with efficient tools, including general coding tools such as
code reading, file writing, string replacement, searching, and
shell command execution, as well as two specialized debugging tools for the frontend and backend. These tools cover
all the resources needed by a website engineer, enabling
the agents to dynamically control the full-stack development workflow. In particular, we describe the two specially
designed debugging tools as follows:
• Frontend Debugging Tool. The Frontend Debugging
Tool takes a test instruction, automatically starts the website service, and runs a GUI-agent debugging process
based on the given instruction. As the GUI agent interacts with the website, the debugging tool closely monitors
the terminal and browser console outputs. When an error
is detected, it sends a message to the GUI agent, asking
the GUI agent to identify which action led to the error
and to return an error analysis along with the corresponding error messages to the Coding Agent. This debugging
mechanism monitors error messages as well as website
reactions, allowing for more efficient localization of the
problem; in contrast, previous GUI-agent-based debugging methods (Lu et al., 2025a; Wan et al., 2025) rely
on blind interaction with the website and only produce
coarse-grained observations. Also, unlike previous methods, which repeatedly run test cases pre-defined at the
beginning of the coding process, our tool dynamically
generates test cases based on the current state of development, which provides better control of the workflow.
• Backend Debugging Tool. The Backend Debugging
Tool takes the URL, the request method (e.g., POST),
and the request data, and automatically starts the service,
makes the request, and returns the response message as
well as the outputs from the backend console, similar to
how a backend developer works with API debugging tools
such as Postman (Postman, 2026). This process is much
more efficient than using shell commands to test APIs, a
process that would require multiple steps to achieve the
same effect and is therefore prone to mistakes. Removing
the Backend Debugging Tool results in an increase in the
Backend Coding Agent’s average number of iterations
from 74.9 to 115.5, which demonstrates the crucial role
the tool plays in improving development efficiency.
In summary, FullStack-Dev leverages a multi-agent mechanism to facilitate the coordination of planning, frontend
coding, and backend coding. The design of efficient tools,
especially the two debugging tools, enables the Coding
3
FullStack-Agent
Agents to dynamically control the development workflow,
making the framework highly effective. The agent prompts
are provided in Appendix H, while the configuration of the
tools is described in Appendix A.
2.2. FullStack-Learn
Even with a powerful framework, the agentic coding ability and expert knowledge of the backbone LLM remain
essential to the overall performance of the system. Therefore, we propose FullStack-Learn, a robust iterative selfimprovement pipeline that enhances the capabilities of the
backbone LLM through repository augmentation and backtranslation.
Repository Back-Translation. To effectively utilize highquality real-world website repositories crawled from the
internet, we introduce Repository Back-Translation, a data
generation scheme that transforms existing repositories into
agentic trajectories. As illustrated in the middle part of
Fig. 1, first, the Information Gathering Agent reads through
important files in the repository to produce a general summary. Then, the summary is provided to the Trajectory
Back-Translation Agent to guide it through the process of
transcribing the existing repository into an empty template.
The trajectory produced by the Trajectory Back-Translation
Agent is then transformed by a rule-based program that
purges all traces of the original repository from it, resulting
in a cleaned agentic trajectory. The transformation process
is detailed in Algorithm 2 of Appendix C.
• Information Gathering Agent. The Information Gathering Agent leverages its directory navigation, file reading,
and code searching tools to understand the structure and
functionality of the repository. It then outputs a summary
consisting of a description of the repository, a quality
score, the frontend and backend plans corresponding to
the repository, as well as a user instruction that would
plausibly result in such a repository. The plans and the
user instruction are later used to guide the construction
of the agent trajectories, while the quality score is used
to filter out low-quality repositories.
• Trajectory Back-Translation Agent. The Trajectory
Back-Translation Agent is provided with the user instruction and a set of high-level plans, as well as a workspace
containing the original repository and an empty template
of the same web framework (e.g., Next.js) as the original repository. It is tasked with reproducing the contents
of the original repository in the template. As the transcription is guided by the high-level plans, the order of
actions is very close to that of direct development, which
usually includes first reading the relevant files and then
implementing the functionalities. This means that the resulting transcription trajectories can be easily transformed
into development trajectories with a rule-based program
without compromising their logical coherence.
The coordinated operation of the Information Gathering
Agent and the Trajectory Back-Translation Agent effectively
produces large-scale, high-quality agent trajectories for SFT
training, enabling models to learn from trajectories derived
from existing website repositories. Detailed prompts are
presented in Fig. 14 and Fig. 15 of Appendix I.
Repository Augmentation. To further scale the number
of high-quality agent trajectories, we propose Repository
Augmentation, which produces a large number of synthesized repositories by implementing numerous augmentations on existing repositories. Augmenting an existing repository is simpler than generating a new codebase from scratch,
as it requires less coding and can draw on the existing code
as reference. We perform Repository Augmentation by
first generating several possible augmentation plans with
the Augmentation Planning Agent, and then implementing
the plans separately using the Augmentation Implementing
Agent. The Repository Augmentation process creates five
times the number of original repositories, greatly scaling
the number of generated trajectories. The prompts for the
two agents are presented in Fig. 16 of Appendix I.
• Augmentation Planning Agent. The Augmentation
Planning Agent first goes through the original repository to understand its structure and functionality, then
creates five suggested augmentation plans: one simplification plan, one extension plan, and three application
transition plans. The application transition plans propose
alternative applications whose codebases have a structure
similar to that of the original repository.
• Augmentation Implementing Agent. The Augmentation Implementing Agent takes a plan created by the
Augmentation Planning Agent and implements it in the
original repository. It also runs the debugging tools on
the augmented repository to fix any breaking issues and
ensure the quality of the synthetic repository. At the end
of the trajectory, the agent is asked to verify whether all
the changes required by the augmentation plan have been
fully implemented based on the past agent messages and
the state of the codebase, and only the samples that pass
the verification are retained. The verification prompt is
presented in Fig. 17 of Appendix I.
Iterative Self-Improvement. We introduce an iterative
self-improvement training process to effectively leverage
the data generated with Repository Back-Translation and
Repository Augmentation. As shown in Algorithm 1, first,
we generate an initial dataset, D0, with the original LLM,
M0 based on repositories crawled from GitHub using Repository Back-Translation. D0 is relatively small due to the
limited full-stack coding ability of M0. We proceed to train
4
FullStack-Agent
Algorithm 1 Iterative Self-Improvement
Input: initial backbone model M0; real-world repositories Rreal; back-translation operator B(·); augmentation
operator A(·); model-updating procedure USFT(·, ·)
Output: improved backbone model Mfinal
Round 1: Initial trajectory generation
D0 ← B(Rreal, M0)
M1 ← USFT(M0, D0)
Round 2: Data scaling via augmentation and backtranslation
Raug ← A(Rreal, M0)
Daug ← B(Raug, M1)
D1 ← D0 ∪ Daug
Step 3: Final training
Mfinal ← USFT(M0, D1)
Table 1. Counts of frontend, backend, and database test cases as
well as user instructions in FullStack-Bench. Each user instruction
corresponds to multiple test cases in the three aspects.
Name Frontend Backend Database User Instructions
Value 647 604 389 101
M0 with D0, resulting in an intermediate model M1. Then,
using M1, we scale the training data by back-translating
synthetic repositories created by M0 using Repository Augmentation. The newly generated data, combined with D0,
results in D1. Training M0 on D1 results in the final model
Mfinal, which possesses much stronger full-stack development abilities. The iteration process is also shown in the
lower half of the FullStack-Learn part of Fig. 1.
2.3. FullStack-Bench
Current website development benchmarks, such as WebGenBench (Lu et al., 2025b), focus mainly on frontend interactions, failing to effectively verify the correctness of backend
and database implementations. To solve this problem, we
construct FullStack-Bench, a novel benchmark that leverages comprehensive test cases for the frontend, backend,
and database to evaluate the websites generated based on
natural-language user instructions. The statistics of the test
cases are shown in Tab. 1. The 101 website generation
user instructions used in FullStack-Bench are taken from
WebGen-Bench (Lu et al., 2025b), along with 647 frontend
test cases, while the 604 backend test cases and 389 database
test cases are newly constructed through a combination of
LLM annotation and human refinement. Prompts for the
frontend, backend, and database testing are presented in
Appendix J. The three levels of testing are described below:
Frontend Test. The frontend test cases are carried out by
a GUI-agent judge, similar to WebGen-Bench (Lu et al.,
2025b). Unlike Lu et al. (2025b), which uses Qwen2.5-VL32B-Instruct (Bai et al., 2025b) to power the GUI agent,
we use the new Qwen3-VL-235B-A22B-Instruct (Bai et al.,
2025a) for enhanced accuracy when facing more complicated websites. To validate the data flow accompanying
each frontend test case, we extract database log entries
that are written during the frontend interaction, and append a message at the end of the GUI-agent testing session
to verify whether the database log entries correctly reflect
the database interactions needed by the frontend actions.
As defined in Lu et al. (2025b), frontend results can be
YES, PARTIAL, or NO, and the accuracy is computed as
Accuracy =
NYes+0.5×NPartial
NTotal
×100%, with NYes, NPartial and
NTotal denoting the number of YES, PARTIAL, and total
test cases, respectively. The difference is that in FullStackBench, the YES and PARTIAL outputs from the GUI-agent
judge are counted only if the database interaction check
passes. Following Lu et al. (2025b), we also compute the
Appearance Score to evaluate the website appearance.
Backend Test. In backend testing, the judge agent is first
instructed to gather information about all the backend API
endpoints. Then, a new message is appended after the
information-gathering steps, instructing the judge agent to
make requests to validate the functionality of the current
test case. The judge agent sends requests to related APIs,
decides whether the functionality is fulfilled based on the
responses, and outputs YES or NO. Qwen3-Coder-480BA35B-Instruct (Qwen, 2025a) is used as the agent backbone.
As each website corresponds to multiple backend test cases,
the API information gathering steps are reused by all the
backend test cases to avoid a waste of computation. The
accuracy is computed as the number of YES cases divided
by the total number of test cases.
Database Test. To test the database structure, we first
extract all the column names and the first five rows from
each table in the database to create a snapshot. Placing it in
JSON format, we ask the judge agent to decide whether the
data requirement in the test case has been fulfilled based on
the database snapshot. The judge agent outputs YES or NO,
and the accuracy is computed as the number of YES cases
divided by the total number of test cases.
3. Experiments
In this section, we present experimental results for both
FullStack-Dev and FullStack-Learn, along with ablation
studies to demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach.
3.1. FullStack-Dev Results
Test Settings. We test FullStack-Dev with Qwen3-
Coder-30B-A3B-Instruct and Qwen3-Coder-480B-A35B5
FullStack-Agent
Table 2. Evaluation results of FullStack-Dev on FullStack-Bench compared to other popular agentic coding frameworks. FE: Frontend.
BE: Backend. DB: Database. “w/ Valid DB”: with valid database interaction logs. All values are percentages except the Appearance
Score, which scales from 1-5. The highest values are in bold, while the second highest values are underlined.
Framework Model FE
Acc.
FE Acc. w/
Valid DB
BE
Acc.
BE Acc. w/
Valid DB
DB
Acc.
Appearance
Score
WebGen-Agent Qwen3-Coder-480B-A35B-Inst. 61.4 56.0 67.2 39.6 62.0 3.63
TDDev Qwen3-Coder-480B-A35B-Inst. 23.3 21.8 41.2 10.8 28.5 1.96
OpenHands Qwen3-Coder-480B-A35B-Inst. 45.1 40.4 64.9 35.8 72.5 2.66
Bolt.diy Qwen3-Coder-480B-A35B-Inst. 22.8 20.3 35.9 12.7 13.6 1.96
Qwen-Code Qwen3-Coder-480B-A35B-Inst. 39.9 36.2 59.3 25.8 68.4 2.40
FullStack-Dev Qwen3-Coder-480B-A35B-Inst. 67.8 64.7 83.4 77.8 77.9 3.72
WebGen-Agent Qwen3-Coder-30B-A3B-Inst. 39.5 35.8 25.0 16.6 14.4 2.49
TDDev Qwen3-Coder-30B-A3B-Inst. 13.7 12.5 13.4 8.8 6.9 1.21
OpenHands Qwen3-Coder-30B-A3B-Inst. 21.5 19.4 26.7 16.7 22.6 1.62
Bolt.diy Qwen3-Coder-30B-A3B-Inst. 5.9 5.0 5.6 3.6 13.1 0.46
Qwen-Code Qwen3-Coder-30B-A3B-Inst. 7.0 6.0 20.9 9.9 18.3 0.75
FullStack-Dev Qwen3-Coder-30B-A3B-Inst. 41.4 37.2 45.5 38.7 50.9 2.97
Instruct (Qwen, 2025a) as the backbone LLMs. During
inference, greedy decoding is used, with a context length of
131,072. The maximum number of tool calls is 400. In frontend and backend evaluations, the accuracies that require
correct database interactions (FE Acc. w/ Valid DB and BE
Acc. w/ Valid DB in Tab. 2) are the main metrics, though
we also report accuracies that ignore database interactions,
shown in gray text. When mentioning frontend and backend
accuracy, we are referring to the accuracy that considers
database interactions unless otherwise specified.
Baselines. We choose website development agents including WebGen-Agent (Lu et al., 2025a), TDDev (Wan et al.,
2025), and Bolt.diy (stackblitz labs, 2024), as well as general coding agents including OpenHands (Wang et al., 2025)
and Qwen-Code (Qwen, 2025b), as baselines. These agents
tend to only generate the frontend web pages when provided
with only user instructions, so we also explicitly prompt
them to generate backend components as well. Details of
the baseline implementations are described in Appendix E.
Results. As shown in Tab. 2, FullStack-Dev with Qwen3-
Coder-480B-A35B-Instruct results in the highest accuracies of 64.7%, 77.8% and 77.9% in frontend, backend,
and database tests, respectively, outperforming the previous state-of-the-art method, WebGen-Agent (with accuracies of 56.0%, 39.6%, and 62.0%) by 8.7%, 38.2%, and
15.9%, respectively. With Qwen3-Coder-30B-A3B-Instruct,
FullStack-Dev also results in the highest accuracies of
37.2%, 38.7%, and 50.9% in the frontend, backend, and
database tests, respectively, demonstrating the effectiveness
of our approach. Our method also achieves the highest appearance score, which could be attributed to the frontend
debugging tool’s ability to adjust rendering issues. Notably,
for most of the baseline methods, the backend accuracies
are much lower than the frontend accuracies, showing that
even with explicit requests to generate the backend, these
methods still tend to focus on the frontend, often using mock
data to serve as the backend. In contrast, our FullStack-Dev
method has backend accuracies higher than the frontend
accuracies, showing that our full-stack websites mostly possess functional backends. Error analysis of the generated
websites is presented in Appendix F.
3.2. FullStack-Learn Results
Training and Inference Settings. During Repository
Back-Translation, the backbone LLMs of both the Information Gathering Agent and the Trajectory Back-Translation
Agent have a temperature of 0.5 and a context length of
131,072. The generated trajectories are filtered based on outputs of the debugging tools, as detailed in Appendix D. We
conduct the iterative self-improvement process with Qwen3-
Coder-30B-A3B-Instruct. In the first round, we use Qwen3-
Coder-30B-A3B-Instruct as the backbone LLM to generate
a dataset of 2K trajectories based on repositories crawled
from GitHub, and train the LLM on this dataset, resulting
in a model denoted as FullStack-Learn-LM-round1. In the
second round, we use FullStack-Learn-LM-round1 as the
backbone LLM to generate another 8K trajectories based on
augmented repositories, and train Qwen3-Coder-30B-A3BInstruct on the combined 10K trajectories from both rounds,
resulting in FullStack-Learn-LM-round2. The generated
trajectories are decontaminated against FullStack-Bench by
comparing their user instructions and filtering out those
with 5-gram Jaccard similarity scores larger than 0.6 and cosine similarities between sentence embeddings (Reimers &
Gurevych, 2019) larger than 0.7. In both rounds, the models
are trained for 2 epochs, with a learning rate of 2e-5 and a
batch size of 32 on 32 H800 GPUs. We test the FullStackLearn-LM models on FullStack-Dev, with a temperature of
0 and a context length of 131,072.
6
FullStack-Agent
Table 3. FullStack-Bench results of two rounds of training on Qwen3-Coder-30B-A3B-Instruct using FullStack-Learn. FE: Frontend. BE:
Backend. DB: Database.“w/ Valid DB”: with valid database interaction logs. All values are percentages except the Appearance Score.
Test Name Data FE
Acc.
FE Acc. w/
Valid DB
BE
Acc.
BE Acc. w/
Valid DB
DB
Acc.
Appearance
Score
Qwen3-Coder-30B-A3B-Inst. – 41.4 37.2 45.5 38.7 50.9 2.97
FullStack-Learn-LM-round1 Crawled 2K 49.3 42.3+5.1 55.6 45.4+6.7 51.2+0.3 3.32+0.35
FullStack-Learn-LM-round2 Crawled 2K + Agemented 8K 52.5 46.9+9.7 57.6 48.2+9.5 53.7+2.8 3.40+0.43
Results. As shown in Tab. 3, the two rounds of training consistently improve the accuracy across the frontend,
backend, database, and appearance tests. After the two
rounds of training, the FullStack-Learn-LM achieves an accuracy of 46.9%, 48.2%, and 53.7% in frontend, backend,
and database tests, respectively, outperforming the original Qwen3-Coder-30B-A3B-Instruct by 9.7%, 9.5%, and
2.8%, which demonstrates the effectiveness of our FullStackLearn method. Notably, the whole process is entirely selfimproving, without relying on any stronger model, which
suggests that our method can potentially generalize to larger
and stronger models.
3.3. Ablation Studies
In this section, we present ablation studies on the design
choices for FullStack-Dev and the data generation methods for FullStack-Learn, and we analyze the reliability of
FullStack-Bench ’s test results.
Analysis of FullStack-Dev Design. We analyze the contribution of the multi-agent mechanism, the Frontend Debugging Tool, and the Backend Debugging Tool to the performance of FullStack-Dev by removing them one by one
and testing the results. As shown in Tab. 4, first, removing
the multi-agent mechanism reduces the accuracy across all
metrics, as a single agent fails to effectively coordinate the
full-stack development task. Second, removing the Backend
Debugging Tool has a larger effect on the backend accuracy,
while removing the Frontend Debugging Tool has a larger effect on the frontend accuracy, which is consistent with their
respective roles. Removing both debugging tools results in
considerable degradation in both frontend and backend.
Analysis of FullStack-Learn Data Generation Method.
To analyze the effect of Repository Back-Translation, we
generate 2K trajectories directly from user instructions randomly sampled from WebGen-Instruct (Lu et al., 2025b),
and compare the performance of the resulting model to
that of FullStack-Learn-LM-round1, which is trained with
2K trajectories generated with Repository Back-Translation.
As shown in Tab. 5, training on trajectories generated with
Repository Back-Translation significantly increases the accuracies and the appearance score, while training on the
directly-generated trajectories fails to notably improve the
overall performance. This significant performance gap is
likely due to the fact that our approach enables the LLM to
learn from high-quality, real-world repositories.
Analysis of Evaluation Reliability. To analyze the reliability of the testing pipeline of FullStack-Bench, we randomly sample 200 instances from the frontend, backend, and
database samples each. We then ask four student volunteers
with computer-science-related bachelor’s degrees to manually check their correctness, annotating a sample as correct
only when the evaluation trajectory and database interaction
logs fully support the final result. The human alignment
accuracy is computed as the percentage of samples judged
as correct by human annotators. As shown in Tab. 6, the accuracies of the frontend, backend, and database are all above
90%, demonstrating the reliability of the testing pipeline.
Details of the human annotation, including the annotation
interface and guidelines are presented in Appendix G.
4. Related Work
Website Development Agents and Pipelines. Website development has become a popular task for code agents, and
various methods have been proposed. Among them, MRWeb (Wan et al., 2024) only generates HTML and CSS files.
Others, such as Bolt.diy (stackblitz labs, 2024), WebGenAgent (Lu et al., 2025a), and TDDev (Wan et al., 2025)
generate relatively simple codebases that contain little to
no backend or database implementation unless specially
prompted. Unlike FullStack-Dev, they lack dynamic code
navigation methods, and instead cram all the code into the
context window, limiting their ability to work on complicated codebases. Similar to the Frontend Debugging Tool
of FullStack-Dev, WebGen-Agent and TDDev also use a
GUI agent to provide feedback, though their test cases are
pre-defined at the start of the generation, and the GUI agents
blindly interact with the website, whereas our method supports dynamic creation of test cases and accurate localization of errors. General code agents (Wang et al., 2025;
Qwen, 2025b) also tend to only generate the frontend, and
without specialized feedback and system instructions, they
exhibit lower performance compared to specialized agents.
Website Development Benchmarks. Existing website
development benchmarks mostly focus on evaluating the
7
FullStack-Agent
Table 4. Evaluation of different ablation settings of FullStack-Dev using Qwen3-Coder-480B-A35B-Instruct. FE: Frontend. BE: Backend.
DB: Database. “w/ Valid DB”: with valid database interaction logs. All values are percentages except the Appearance Score.
Test Name FE Acc. FE Acc. w/
Valid DB
BE Acc. BE Acc. w/
Valid DB
DB Acc. Appearance
Score
FullStack-Dev w/o Multi-Agent Mechanism 66.5 62.1 78.0 61.4 63.5 3.43
FullStack-Dev w/o Backend Debugging Tool 65.5 62.1 71.7 57.9 76.6 3.23
FullStack-Dev w/o Frontend Debugging Tool 55.1 51.9 79.0 76.6 75.6 3.17
FullStack-Dev w/o Either Debugging Tools 54.0 51.0 71.7 61.9 74.8 3.01
FullStack-Dev w/ Both Debugging Tools 67.8 64.7 83.4 77.8 77.9 3.72
Table 5. Ablation of the Repository Back-Translation method using Qwen3-Coder-30B-A3B-Instruct. FE: Frontend. BE: Backend. DB:
Database. “w/ Valid DB”: with valid database interaction logs. All values are percentages except the Appearance Score.
Test Name FE Acc. FE Acc. w/
Valid DB
BE Acc. BE Acc. w/
Valid DB
DB Acc. Appearance
Score
No Training 41.4 37.2 45.5 38.7 50.9 2.97
Trained on Directly-Generated 2K 40.2 36.2 50.7 33.6 47.8 2.87
Trained on Back-Translated 2K 49.3 42.3 55.6 45.4 51.2 3.32
Table 6. Human alignment accuracies for frontend, backend, and
database tests on 200 randomly sampled test instances.
Test Name Frontend Backend Database
Human Alignment (%) 90.5 94.0 97.5
frontend appearance and functionalities. Many of them (Si
et al., 2025; Yun et al., 2024; Guo et al., 2025; Xiao et al.,
2025b;a; Sun et al., 2025; Zhang et al., 2025a) only evaluate the generation of simple HTML files based on given
design images, which can be achieved by the MLLMs alone
without the need for agentic systems. Web-Bench (Xu et al.,
2025) evaluates the website code generation ability of LLMs
by running them on fixed pipelines, which fails to evaluate
the ability of agentic systems. WebGen-Bench (Lu et al.,
2025b) evaluates agentic coding of multi-file codebases with
numerous functionality requirements, yet it judges the websites based solely on GUI-agent interaction results, failing to
adequately test the backend and database implementations.
In contrast, our FullStack-Bench evaluates the frontend,
backend, and database implementations with comprehensive test cases and agent-based judges, effectively evaluating
the full-stack websites created by agentic coding systems.
Training Methods to Improve Software Development.
Various training methods have been proposed to improve the
software development abilities of LLMs. WebCode2M (Gui
et al., 2025) and WebSight (Laurenc¸on et al., 2024) use
screenshot and HTML pairs in SFT to improve MLLMs’
ability to convert images to HTML code. Various reinforcement learning methods (Wei et al., 2025; Ma et al., 2025;
Zhang et al., 2025b) and SFT methods (Yang et al., 2025;
Pan et al., 2025) have been introduced for the task of fixing
GitHub issues. However, this task focuses on generating a
patch to an existing codebase, which is fundamentally different from generating full-stack websites from scratch, so
these methods do not apply to our task. WebGen-Bench (Lu
et al., 2025b) relies on a larger LLM to generate website
development trajectories from synthetic user instructions to
distill smaller models. WebGen-Agent (Lu et al., 2025a)
uses GRPO (Shao et al., 2024) with visual feedback as a
reward to help models self-improve, but it fails to leverage existing codebases. In contrast, our FullStack-Learn
uses repository augmentation and back-translation to systematically transform existing codebases into high-quality
trajectories for model self-improvement, without relying on
stronger models.
5. Conclusion
In this paper, we introduce FullStack-Agent, a unified system that combines a multi-agent full-stack development
framework equipped with efficient coding and debugging
tools (FullStack-Dev), an iterative self-improvement method
that improves the abilities of LLMs through repository augmentation and back-translation (FullStack-Learn), and a
full-stack development benchmark that comprehensively
evaluates frontend, backend, and database functionalities
(FullStack-Bench). Extensive experiments demonstrate the
effectiveness of our method. Testing FullStack-Dev with
Qwen3-Coder-480B-A35B-Instruct as the backbone LLM
on FullStack-Bench results in accuracies of 64.7%, 77.8%,
and 77.9% in frontend, backend, and database test cases
respectively, outperforming the previous state-of-the-art
method by 8.7%, 38.2%, and 15.9%, respectively Training
Qwen3-Coder-30B-Instruct with FullStack-Learn improves
its accuracies by 9.7%, 9.5%, and 2.8% in the three sets of
test cases, respectively.
8
FullStack-Agent
Impact Statement
This paper presents research aimed at advancing the field of
machine learning, with a particular focus on agentic code
generation. While this line of work has the potential to
significantly improve software development efficiency, it
may also lead to societal implications, including a reduced
demand for human programmers. In addition, the attribution of responsibility for errors or vulnerabilities in agentgenerated websites remains unclear and could introduce new
challenges. We acknowledge these potential consequences
to emphasize the broader societal impact of our work and to
highlight the importance of responsible deployment.
References
Bai, S., Cai, Y., Chen, R., Chen, K., Chen, X., Cheng, Z.,
Deng, L., Ding, W., Gao, C., Ge, C., Ge, W., Guo, Z.,
Huang, Q., Huang, J., Huang, F., Hui, B., Jiang, S., Li, Z.,
Li, M., Li, M., Li, K., Lin, Z., Lin, J., Liu, X., Liu, J., Liu,
C., Liu, Y., Liu, D., Liu, S., Lu, D., Luo, R., Lv, C., Men,
R., Meng, L., Ren, X., Ren, X., Song, S., Sun, Y., Tang,
J., Tu, J., Wan, J., Wang, P., Wang, P., Wang, Q., Wang,
Y., Xie, T., Xu, Y., Xu, H., Xu, J., Yang, Z., Yang, M.,
Yang, J., Yang, A., Yu, B., Zhang, F., Zhang, H., Zhang,
X., Zheng, B., Zhong, H., Zhou, J., Zhou, F., Zhou, J.,
Zhu, Y., and Zhu, K. Qwen3-vl technical report, 2025a.
URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2511.21631.
Bai, S., Chen, K., Liu, X., Wang, J., Ge, W., Song, S., Dang,
K., Wang, P., Wang, S., Tang, J., Zhong, H., Zhu, Y., Yang,
M., Li, Z., Wan, J., Wang, P., Ding, W., Fu, Z., Xu, Y.,
Ye, J., Zhang, X., Xie, T., Cheng, Z., Zhang, H., Yang, Z.,
Xu, H., and Lin, J. Qwen2.5-vl technical report, 2025b.
URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2502.13923.
Gui, Y., Li, Z., Wan, Y., Shi, Y., Zhang, H., Chen, B., Su, Y.,
Chen, D., Wu, S., Zhou, X., Jiang, W., Jin, H., and Zhang,
X. Webcode2m: A real-world dataset for code generation
from webpage designs. In Proceedings of the ACM on
Web Conference 2025, WWW ’25, pp. 1834–1845. ACM,
April 2025. doi: 10.1145/3696410.3714889. URL http:
//dx.doi.org/10.1145/3696410.3714889.
Guo, H., Zhang, W., Chen, J., Gu, Y., Yang, J., Du,
J., Cao, S., Hui, B., Liu, T., Ma, J., Zhou, C., and
Li, Z. Iw-bench: Evaluating large multimodal models for converting image-to-web, 2025. URL https:
//arxiv.org/abs/2409.18980.
Laurenc¸on, H., Tronchon, L., and Sanh, V. Unlocking the
conversion of web screenshots into html code with the
websight dataset, 2024. URL https://arxiv.org/
abs/2403.09029.
Lu, Z., Ren, H., Yang, Y., Wang, K., Zong, Z., Pan, J., Zhan,
M., and Li, H. Webgen-agent: Enhancing interactive
website generation with multi-level feedback and steplevel reinforcement learning, 2025a. URL https://
arxiv.org/abs/2509.22644.
Lu, Z., Yang, Y., Ren, H., Hou, H., Xiao, H., Wang, K.,
Shi, W., Zhou, A., Zhan, M., and Li, H. Webgen-bench:
Evaluating llms on generating interactive and functional
websites from scratch, 2025b. URL https://arxiv.
org/abs/2505.03733.
Ma, Z., Peng, C., Gao, P., Meng, X., Zou, Y., and Xie, B.
Sorft: Issue resolving with subtask-oriented reinforced
fine-tuning, 2025. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/
2502.20127.
Pan, J., Wang, X., Neubig, G., Jaitly, N., Ji, H., Suhr, A.,
and Zhang, Y. Training software engineering agents and
verifiers with swe-gym, 2025. URL https://arxiv.
org/abs/2412.21139.
Postman, I. Postman: Where the world builds apis,
2026. URL https://www.postman.com. Accessed: 2026-01-15.
Qwen. Qwen3-coder: Agentic coding in the world,
2025a. URL https://qwenlm.github.io/
blog/qwen3-coder. Accessed: 2026-01-17.
Qwen. Qwen code, 2025b. URL https://github.
com/QwenLM/qwen-code. Accessed: 2026-01-12.
Reimers, N. and Gurevych, I. Sentence-bert: Sentence
embeddings using siamese bert-networks, 2019. URL
https://arxiv.org/abs/1908.10084.
Shao, Z., Wang, P., Zhu, Q., Xu, R., Song, J., Bi, X.,
Zhang, H., Zhang, M., Li, Y. K., Wu, Y., and Guo,
D. Deepseekmath: Pushing the limits of mathematical reasoning in open language models, 2024. URL
https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.03300.
Si, C., Zhang, Y., Li, R., Yang, Z., Liu, R., and Yang, D.
Design2code: Benchmarking multimodal code generation for automated front-end engineering, 2025. URL
https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.03163.
stackblitz labs. bolt.diy, 2024. URL https://github.
com/stackblitz-labs/bolt.diy. Accessed:
2025-04-22.
Sun, H., Wang, H. W., Gu, J., Li, L., and Cheng, Y. Fullfront: Benchmarking mllms across the full front-end
engineering workflow, 2025. URL https://arxiv.
org/abs/2505.17399.
Wan, Y., Dong, Y., Xiao, J., Huo, Y., Wang, W., and Lyu,
M. R. Mrweb: An exploration of generating multi-page
resource-aware web code from ui designs, 2024. URL
https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.15310.
9
FullStack-Agent
Wan, Y., Liang, T., Xu, J., Xiao, J., Huo, Y., and Lyu,
M. R. Automatically generating web applications from requirements via multi-agent test-driven development, 2025.
URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2509.25297.
Wang, X., Li, B., Song, Y., Xu, F. F., Tang, X., Zhuge, M.,
Pan, J., Song, Y., Li, B., Singh, J., Tran, H. H., Li, F.,
Ma, R., Zheng, M., Qian, B., Shao, Y., Muennighoff, N.,
Zhang, Y., Hui, B., Lin, J., Brennan, R., Peng, H., Ji,
H., and Neubig, G. Openhands: An open platform for
ai software developers as generalist agents, 2025. URL
https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.16741.
Wei, Y., Duchenne, O., Copet, J., Carbonneaux, Q., Zhang,
L., Fried, D., Synnaeve, G., Singh, R., and Wang, S. I.
Swe-rl: Advancing llm reasoning via reinforcement learning on open software evolution, 2025. URL https:
//arxiv.org/abs/2502.18449.
Xiao, J., Wan, Y., Huo, Y., Wang, Z., Xu, X., Wang, W.,
Xu, Z., Wang, Y., and Lyu, M. R. Interaction2code:
Benchmarking mllm-based interactive webpage code
generation from interactive prototyping, 2025a. URL
https://arxiv.org/abs/2411.03292.
Xiao, J., Wang, M., Lam, M. H., Wan, Y., Liu, J., Huo, Y.,
and Lyu, M. R. Designbench: A comprehensive benchmark for mllm-based front-end code generation, 2025b.
URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.06251.
Xu, K., Mao, Y., Guan, X., and Feng, Z. Web-bench: A
llm code benchmark based on web standards and frameworks, 2025. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/
2505.07473.
Yang, J., Lieret, K., Jimenez, C. E., Wettig, A., Khandpur, K., Zhang, Y., Hui, B., Press, O., Schmidt, L., and
Yang, D. Swe-smith: Scaling data for software engineering agents, 2025. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/
2504.21798.
Yun, S., Lin, H., Thushara, R., Bhat, M. Q., Wang, Y., Jiang,
Z., Deng, M., Wang, J., Tao, T., Li, J., Li, H., Nakov, P.,
Baldwin, T., Liu, Z., Xing, E. P., Liang, X., and Shen, Z.
Web2code: A large-scale webpage-to-code dataset and
evaluation framework for multimodal llms, 2024. URL
https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.20098.
Zhang, C., Li, Y., Xu, C., Liu, J., Liu, A., Zhou, C., Deng,
K., Wu, D., Huang, G., Li, K., Yi, Q., Xiong, R., Hu, S.,
Zhang, Y., Jiang, Y., Xu, Z., Zhang, Y., Zhou, W., Zhou,
C., and Lian, F. Artifactsbench: Bridging the visualinteractive gap in llm code generation evaluation, 2025a.
URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2507.04952.
Zhang, K., Zhang, H., Li, G., You, J., Li, J., Zhao, Y., and
Jin, Z. Sealign: Alignment training for software engineering agent, 2025b. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/
2503.18455.
10
FullStack-Agent
Table 7. Details of tools from the coding agents, including name, kind, description, and required parameters.
Tool Kind Description Required parameters (type)
read file read Reads file content; may truncate large files;
text can read line ranges via offset/limit.
path (string)
write file edit Writes content to a file in the local filesystem
(user may modify content).
path (string), content (string)
list directory search Lists immediate entries within a directory; optionally ignore globs; can respect ignore files
(e.g., .gitignore).
path (string)
glob search Finds files matching glob patterns (e.g.,
src/**/*.ts); returns absolute paths
sorted by modification time.
pattern (string)
search file content search Regex search within files; can filter by glob
include; returns matching lines with file path
and line numbers.
pattern (string)
read many files read Reads multiple files by relative paths/globs;
concatenates text content; supports exclude/include patterns.
paths (array<string>)
run shell command execute Runs one bash command at a time; supports
long-running background commands; can interact with ongoing process via is input.
command (string)
replace edit Exact literal text replacement in a file; requires
absolute path; old string/new string
must match exactly; supports multiple replacements via expected replacements.
path (string), old string (string),
new string (string)
backend test execute Starts backend service, sends one HTTP request, then shuts down; returns response and
console log; requires ports and URL; fails if
host:port never appears in logs.
directory path (string),
start command (string),
required ports (array<number>),
url (string), method (enum)
frontend test execute Starts dev server, drives Chromium with a
GUI agent from landing page using a naturallanguage instruction; returns trajectory, errors,
scores, and appearance info; if backend exists,
start both together from project root.
directory path (string),
start command (string),
required ports (array<number>),
instruction (string)
A. Tool Details
In Tab. 7, we present all the tools and their descriptions, parameters, and the kind they belong to. Tab. 7 shows that there
are tools for reading the code (read file, read many files), listing the directories (list directory), searching
for files (glob), searching strings within files (search file content), writing files (write file), replacing strings
(replace), executing shell commands (run shell command), debugging the backend APIs (backend test), and
debugging the frontend (frontend test).
B. Increasing the Number of Templates
In our experiments, we use Next.js2
and NestJS3
, two very popular web application frameworks, as the frontend and backend
templates. Using only two templates increases the stability of the experimental results, as with more templates, a slight
change in the template choices might cause a significant difference in the results, making the comparisons in ablation studies
less reliable. It also reduces the computational cost in data generation and training, without affecting the conclusions drawn
2
https://nextjs.org
3
https://nestjs.com
11
FullStack-Agent
Table 8. Performance with an increased number of templates. FE: Frontend. BE: Backend. DB: Database. “w/ Valid DB” indicates that
only tasks with valid database interaction logs are considered. All values are percentages except the Appearance Score.
FE Templates BE Templates FE
Acc.
FE Acc. w/
Valid DB
BE
Acc.
BE Acc. w/
Valid DB
DB
Acc.
Appearance
Score
Next.js NestJS 67.8 64.7 83.4 77.8 77.9 3.72
Next.js, Vue.js NestJS, Django 70.6 68.1 80.5 78.5 81.0 3.58
Table 9. Overview of backend and frontend project templates.
Template Name Type URL Description
NestJS Backend https://nestjs.com A structured Node.js backend template
based on TypeScript and dependency
injection, well-suited for scalable APIs and
service-oriented architectures.
Django Backend https://www.djangoproject.com A batteries-included Python backend
template with built-in ORM, authentication,
and admin interface, ideal for data-driven
and CRUD-heavy applications.
Next.js Frontend https://nextjs.org A React-based frontend template supporting
server-side rendering and static generation,
designed for SEO-friendly and
production-grade web applications.
Vue.js Frontend https://vuejs.org A lightweight and progressive frontend
template emphasizing simplicity and
reactivity, suitable for rapid development
and interactive user interfaces.
from the experimental results.
To demonstrate that our framework can easily generalize to more templates, we add Django4
and Vue.js5
to FullStack-Dev,
so that the agentic framework can choose the appropriate frontend and backend templates based on the user instruction and
the descriptions of the templates shown in Tab. 9. The experimental results are shown in Tab. 8. As demonstrated in Tab. 8,
adding Vue.js and Django slightly increases the accuracies in the frontend, backend, and database tests. This might be due to
the fact that with more templates to choose from, the agent can find the most appropriate and easy-to-work-with templates,
thus making the development process smoother. These results demonstrate that our method is able to generalize to different
website development templates, highlighting the high adaptability of our approach.
C. Back-Translation Trajectory Transforming Process
We use a carefully designed rule-based program to meticulously transform the back-translation trajectories into normal agent
coding trajectories. As shown in Algorithm 2, all references to the old repository are removed, and references to the new
repository generated in the Repository Back-Translation process are normalized. The prompts are adjusted to match those of
the starting prompt and validation prompt shown in Fig. 11 and Fig. 12. All tool calls depending on the old repository are
pruned, and paths pointing to the new repository are replaced with a newly defined adjusted project path. To ensure that
the outputs of the adjusted tool calls are correct, we re-execute the tool calls and replace the original outputs with the new
outputs. As the implementation steps follow the order of the high-level plans summarized by the Information Gathering
Agent, and the tone of the agent messages is professional, direct, and concise (as requested in the system prompt in Fig. 10),
the transformed trajectories are closely aligned with normal agent coding trajectories.
4
https://www.djangoproject.com
5
https://vuejs.org
12
FullStack-Agent
Algorithm 2 Transform a Back-Translation Trajectory into an Agent Coding Trajectory
Input: back-translation trajectory T (messages, tool calls, tool outputs), agent template scaffold S, user instruction I,
plans PBE and PFE, adjusted project path w
Output: agent coding trajectory T
′
Step 1: Workspace normalization
Rewrite all file-system references in T to point to the adjusted project path w, including natural-language text and tool-call
arguments.
Step 2: Prompt canonicalization
for all user messages that encode staged tasks (implementation phases or validation phases) do
Replace the message with a canonical coding agent prompt derived from:
(i) user instruction I, (ii) the relevant plans Pbe or Pfe, and (iii) scaffold guidance from S.
end for
Step 3: Narrative and history cleanup
Remove references to the old repository and normalize references to the new repository so the trajectory consistently
refers to a single project.
Step 4: Prune tool calls depending on the old repository
for all assistant steps that contain tool calls do
if the tool calls depend on paths other than the new trajectory then
Remove the assistant step and its associated tool-response messages from T .
end if
end for
Let the remaining trajectory be Tnorm.
Step 5: Deterministic replay environment
Reset the project at path w to obtain a deterministic initial state.
Initialize a tool runtime bound to the adjusted project path w.
Step 6: Replay actions and recompute tool outputs
Initialize an empty replacement map M.
for all tool calls in Tnorm in chronological order do
if the tool call mutates project state then
Replay the action to reproduce project evolution.
else if the tool call inspects project state then
Recompute the tool output and record it in M aligned to the originating step.
end if
end for
Step 7: Inject corrected tool outputs and finalize
for all steps in Tnorm that have a recorded replacement in M do
Overwrite the corresponding tool-response content using M.
end for
Return T
′ ← Tnorm with injected outputs.
D. Data Filtering Details
To ensure the correctness of the generated trajectories, we apply rigorous filtering based on the results of the debugging
tools. We derive an appearance score and a frontend functionality score from each frontend debugging tool call, which
can be extracted directly from the summary. The raw appearance and frontend functionality scores are between 1 and 5,
as shown in Fig. 13. We also derive a backend functionality score based on each backend debugging tool call. When the
response code is 200 and the response data is not empty, we assign the score as 1; when the response code is 200 but the
response data is empty, we assign the score as 0; when the response code is not 200, we assign the score as -1.
As there are multiple frontend and backend debugging tool calls in each trajectory, we aggregate each type of score as
follows:
13
FullStack-Agent
Create a website repository based on the given user instruction with these rules:
1. If the site needs dynamic data, include:
• A frontend that fetches all data from backend APIs. No hard-coded or mock data is allowed.
• A backend that connects to an external PostgreSQL database using these exact environment variables:
DB HOST=localhost, DB PORT=5432, DB USERNAME=myappuser, DB PASSWORD=myapppassword,
DB NAME=myapp. Every data operation must hit this database.
2. If the site is strictly static (e.g., marketing or documentation), a backend is not required.
3. Configure the repository’s package.json so that npm run install:all installs dependencies for both frontend and
backend, and npm run dev concurrently starts the frontend and backend services.
User Instruction:
[User Instruction]
Figure 2. Prompt used in baseline testing for generating a full-stack website.
saggregate =
X
N
i=1
γ
N−i
(si − sthresh)
Here, saggregate is the aggregated score, while si
, (i = 1, ..., N) denotes the score at the ith frontend tool call or the ith
backend tool call, depending on which kind of score is being aggregated. We set γ as 0.9, so that the earlier scores receive
a lower weight in the aggregated score. sthresh is a threshold, so that the scores above the threshold are taken as positive
signals, while the scores below are negative signals. For the appearance and frontend functionality scores, sthresh is set to 3,
whereas for the backend functionality score, sthresh is 0. During the trajectory filtering, a trajectory is kept only when the
aggregated scores for all three score types are above zero.
E. Baseline Implementation Details
We test various popular code agents as baselines, including website development agents, such as WebGen-Agent (Lu
et al., 2025a), TDDev (Wan et al., 2025), and Bolt.diy (stackblitz labs, 2024), as well as general coding agents, such as
OpenHands (Wang et al., 2025) and Qwen-Code (Qwen, 2025b). All of these code agents, by default, tend to generate only
frontend web pages without backend or database support, so we wrap the user instruction in the prompt presented in Fig. 2,
explicitly asking them to generate full-stack websites with backend and database components when appropriate.
We use the open-source implementations of these code agents to generate the websites for FullStack-Bench. The URLs are
shown below:
1. WebGen-Agent: https://github.com/mnluzimu/WebGen-Agent
2. TDDev: https://github.com/yxwan123/TDDev
3. Bolt.diy: https://github.com/stackblitz-labs/bolt.diy
4. OpenHands: https://github.com/OpenHands/OpenHands
5. Qwen-Code: https://github.com/QwenLM/qwen-code
We will also release our baseline implementation code to ensure reproducibility.
F. Error Analysis
To analyze the errors made by the code agents on FullStack-Bench, we randomly sampled 300 error cases from the six code
agents tested in this paper, with 50 cases sampled from each. After manually inspecting them, we identify nine error types in
the frontend tests, four in the backend tests, and four in the database tests, as listed below:
14
FullStack-Agent
Frontend
Backend Database
Figure 3. The error composition of the frontend, backend, and database tests.
Frontend error types:
1. Functionality Not Implemented (29.7%): The functionality that is being tested has not been implemented.
2. Unresponsive Component (23.7%): Interacting with the component does not trigger the expected response.
3. Website Start Failed (14.3%): The website service does not start successfully.
4. Data Fetching Failure (9.7%): The frontend fails to fetch data from the backend.
5. Form Submission Errors (9.7%): An error is returned when a form is being submitted.
6. Referring to Missing File (4.7%): The frontend code is referring to a nonexistent file.
7. Incorrect Color Theme (3.0%): The background or component color does not match the required color theme in the
user instruction.
8. Referring to Missing Modules (2.7%): The frontend code is referring to a module that does not exist or has not been
installed.
9. Syntax Error (2.7%): The frontend code contains syntax errors.
Backend error types:
15
FullStack-Agent
1. No Database Interaction (34.3%): The backend does not fetch data from or save data in the database, instead gives a
fake response that appears to be correct.
2. API Not Implemented (33.3%): The API being tested has not been implemented in the backend code.
3. Database Setup Error (19.7%): The backend cannot correctly connect to the database.
4. Failed to Establish Connection (12.7%): The backend service fails to start, so the judge agent could not connect to the
backend.
Database error types:
1. Database Empty (46.7%): The database is completely empty.
2. Tables Missing (19.7%): Tables required by the test case are missing.
3. Data Fields Missing (26.0%): While part of the data required by the test case exists, some of the data fields are missing.
4. Data Structure Not Clearly Provided (7.7%): There are related data in the database, but they are not entirely sufficient
to support the required data structure.
As shown in Fig. 3, among the frontend errors, “Functionality Not Implemented” and “Unresponsive Components” take up
29.7% and 23.7%, respectively, constituting more than half of the errors. “Website Start Failed”, “Data Fetching Failure”,
and “Form Submission Errors” also take up relatively large portions of the errors. The remaining small number of errors
are caused by “Incorrect Color Theme”, “Referring to Missing Modules”, and “Syntax Error”. Among the backend errors,
“No Database Interaction” and “API Not Implemented” take up 34.3% and 33.3%, respectively, showing that failing to
implement APIs and returning fake responses without interacting with the database are main reasons for backend errors.
“Database Setup Error” and ”Failed to Establish Connection” are also common errors, taking up 19.7% and 12.7% of the
backend errors, respectively. Among the database errors, up to 46.7% are ‘Database Empty‘ errors, showing that many of
the database errors are caused by not initializing the database. “Data Fields Missing” and “Tables Missing” take up 26.0%
and 19.7% of the database errors respectively, while “Data Structure Not Clearly Provided” only takes up 7.7%. These error
analysis results provide insights into the types of commonly made errors in full-stack development and suggest possible
areas for future improvement.
G. Human Annotation Details
To analyze the reliability of the testing pipeline of FullStack-Bench, we randomly sample 200 instances from the frontend,
backend, and database samples each, and ask four student volunteers with computer-science-related bachelor’s degrees to
manually check their correctness. The interfaces for frontend, backend, and database annotation are presented in Fig. 4,
Fig. 5, and Fig. 6, respectively.
A sample is annotated as correct only when the evaluation trajectory and database interaction logs fully support the final
result. The guidelines are presented in Fig. 7. The human alignment accuracy is computed as the percentage of correct
samples.
H. FullStack-Dev Prompts
We present the prompts for the FullStack-Dev framework. Fig. 8 presents the prompt for choosing the appropriate templates.
Our framework is agnostic to website development templates, as long as a name, a description, and a guideline of the
template is provided, as shown in Appendix B. However, to make the experiments more stable and the training process more
compute-efficient, we provide only one frontend template and one backend template: Next.js6
and NestJS7
, which do not
affect the validation of the effectiveness of our method. Fig. 9 provides the prompt for the planning agent that produces the
development plans. The backend and frontend development plans are then used to construct the starting prompts for the
Backend Coding Agent and the Frontend Coding Agent. The starting prompt, validation prompt, and summary prompt of
6
https://nextjs.org
7
https://nestjs.com
16
FullStack-Agent
Figure 4. The manual annotation interface for frontend tests, showing the GUI-agent trajectory that can be played as a video, and the
corresponding database interaction logs.
Figure 5. The manual annotation interface for backend tests, showing backend API testing trajectory, and the corresponding database
interaction logs.
the Backend Coding Agent are provided in Fig. 11, while the starting prompt and the validation prompt are provided in
Fig. 12. The system prompt for the coding agents is shown in Fig. 10.
Additionally, we present the prompt for summarizing the GUI-agent testing process in the Frontend Debugging Tool in
Fig. 13. As shown in Fig. 13, the GUI agent summarizes the debugging result, including a description of the trajectory, the
action that triggers the error or misbehavior, as well as a description of the website appearance. A functionality score and an
appearance score are also provided to represent the functionality and appearance quality of the website during debugging.
17
FullStack-Agent
Figure 6. The manual annotation interface for database tests, showing database schema and the model response.
I. FullStack-Learn Prompts
The data scaling process of FullStack-Learn leverages several agents for repository back-translation and augmentation. We
present their detailed prompts in this section. First, Fig. 14 shows the prompt for the Information Gathering Agent, which
gathers information about the existing repository in preparation for the back-translation process. Second, Fig. 15 shows the
prompt for the Trajectory Back-Translation Agent, which generates an agent trajectory based on the existing repository.
Finally, Fig. 16 shows the prompts for the Augmentation Planning Agent and Augmentation Implementation Agent, which
augment existing repositories to create synthetic repositories for data scaling. Fig. 17 presents the prompt used to verify the
correctness of the augmentation implementation. The verification result is used for filtering, and only the samples that pass
verification are retained.
J. FullStack-Bench Prompts
We present the detailed prompts used in FullStack-Bench. First, Fig. 18 shows the GUI agent testing prompt and the data
interaction validation prompt. The database interaction validation prompt is appended to the end of the GUI agent trajectory
to validate the correctness of the database interactions accompanying the frontend actions. Secondly, Fig. 19 shows the
prompt for initiating the Information Gathering Agent that gathers information about the backend APIs in preparation for
the backend testing. Fig. 20 presents the prompts for starting the backend API testing and the database interaction validation.
The database interaction validation prompt is appended to the backend API testing trajectory, similar to the frontend testing.
Finally, Fig. 21 presents the prompt for database testing, checking whether the data described in each test case has been
fulfilled by the database schema. Additionally, Fig. 22 presents the prompt used for grading the appearance scores, which is
adapted from WebGen-Bench (Lu et al., 2025b).
18
FullStack-Agent
Human Check UIs
These UIs help annotators manually judge the correctness of test results. Each UI reads a JSONL input file, shows the relevant
content, and saves annotations automatically.
Select Input and Save Results
1. Click "Select Input File" and choose the JSONL file:
• Frontend: human check samples/frontend test samples*.jsonl
• Backend: human check samples/backend test samples*.jsonl
• DB: human check samples/db test samples*.jsonl
2. Pick an output directory (first time only; pick human check\human check samples). The UI will create or reuse:
• <input> result.json (same name as input, with result)
3. The UI auto-saves about 1 second after each change.
4. If the output file already exists, its contents are loaded and shown in the output preview, and existing annotations are reused.
What Each UI Shows
• Frontend: screenshots, task/expected result, final answer, UI agent thoughts, DB logs, and DB correctness.
• Backend: full trajectory, task/expected result, final answer, DB logs, and DB correctness.
• DB: prompt and LLM response from relative path/sub idx.
Judging Guidelines
• If the test result is correct, select YES.
• If the test result is incorrect, select NO and provide a reason.
• Reasons should be concise and specific (what is wrong and why).
Test-Specific Annotation Guidelines
Frontend Tests (frontend check.html)
Use the trajectory, screenshots, and Final Answer to judge whether the testing result itself is supported by evidence, not whether the
website is correct.
• Correct (YES) when the screenshots and trajectory provide enough evidence to justify the final result (YES/NO/PARTIAL), and
the final result follows from what the agent did and saw.
• Incorrect (NO) when the trajectory/screenshots do not support the final result, the agent did not reach the required UI state but
claimed success, or the final result contradicts visible evidence or misses key steps.
DB interaction correctness (left panel under Database Logs):
• Judge whether the DB interaction assessment is supported by the logs.
• Mark NO if the logs do not show required DB operations but the result claims correctness.
Backend Tests (backend check.html)
Use the trajectory (including tool calls and tool responses) to judge whether the testing result is supported by evidence.
• Correct (YES) when the backend test call and response support the final judgement, and the tool response evidence
matches the judgement.
• Incorrect (NO) when the tool response contradicts the final judgement, or the tool call/response is missing or insufficient.
DB interaction correctness (left panel under Database Logs):
• Judge whether the DB interaction assessment is supported by the logs.
• Mark NO if the logs contradict the claimed DB correctness.
DB Tests (db check.html)
Use the Prompt and LLM Response to judge whether the testing result is supported by evidence.
• Correct (YES) when the reasoning uses the provided schema/rows, supports the final JSON answer, and the JSON answer
matches the reasoning and required format.
• Incorrect (NO) when the reasoning contradicts the schema/rows or is unsupported, the final JSON does not follow from the
reasoning, or the response violates the required output format or omits the JSON answer.
Figure 7. Human check instructions for manually validating frontend tests, backend tests, and database tests, including setup and
annotation guidelines.
19
FullStack-Agent
Based on the user’s instruction, choose the most appropriate template from the available options.
Instruction: [User Instruction]
Available templates:
[Template Descriptions]
Also decide whether the project is a pure frontend marketing / docs website with no need of a backend. If it is, set
"is pure frontend" as true.
• Only set this as true when you are absolutely certain that the website is a marketing / docs site with no need to load data from
the backend or submit forms such as contact messages to the backend.
• Set it as false in most cases. Even if it is a marketing / docs site, as long as there is a chance that it needs to load data from a
database or send a contact form to be stored, you must set "is pure frontend" as false.
Respond with a JSON object containing the name of the template you choose and whether the project is pure frontend. The output
should strictly follow the format:
‘‘‘json
{
"template_name": [template name (string)],
"is_pure_frontend": [true|false (bool)]
}
‘‘‘‘
Figure 8. Prompt for selecting the most appropriate website template and determining whether the project is pure frontend.
20
FullStack-Agent
You are a senior full-stack software architect.
GOAL
Create a Website Application Development Plan for the product concept supplied below.
HARD RULES
1. Return exactly one JSON object whose two top-level keys are "backendPlan" and "frontendPlan".
2. Do NOT introduce features that are not explicitly mentioned in the concept.
• If the concept never says “login”, do not add authentication, User entities, etc.
3. Every requestSchema/responseSchema item must be an object with name and type (string, number, boolean, object,
array, enum, date, file, etc.).
• If the type is array, specify the contained type using the form array<type> (e.g., array<string>,
array<object<{{id:number,label:string}}>>).
• If the type is object, describe the internal structure down to the finest granularity using
object<{{fieldName:type,...}}> where each nested value’s type is given.
• Primitive string or number values need not be further decomposed.
Example: "requestSchema": [ {{ "name":"tags", "type":"array<string>" }} ]
4. Do not mention or reference any concrete frameworks, runtimes, or databases; they are already chosen externally.
5. Use camelCase for every key.
6. When defining "apiEndpoints" in the "backendPlan", always place the static routes before the dynamic ones such as
"/api/contests/{{id}}" to avoid matching static routes to the dynamic routes.
7. Place the JSON within the JSON code block. First think step by step and analyze the requirements in the user instruction
thoroughly in a concise tone, then generate the JSON output. Do not add explanatory text after the JSON output.
STRUCTURE DETAILS
backendPlan
• entities : array<{{ name, briefDescription, mainFields:array<{{name,type}}> }}>
• apiEndpoints : array<{{ name, method, path, description,
requestSchema:array<{{name,type}}>, responseSchema:array<{{name,type}}>,
statusCodes:array<number> }}>
• businessRules : array<string>
• nonFunctional : array<string>
frontendPlan
• pages : array<{{ name, route, description, layout:{{ header:boolean, footer:boolean,
sections:array<{{name,components:array<string>}}> }}, dataFlows:array<{{ endpointPath,
action, optimisticUI:boolean, loadingStates, errorHandling }}>,
navigationLinks:array<{{ label, targetRoute, when }}> }}>
• sharedComponents : array<{{ name, purpose }}>
• stateManagement : string
• accessibilityAndUX : array<string>
STYLE
• Be concise but complete.
• Use plain English for descriptions.
• Background color must be white and component color navy when relevant to UX guidelines.
REFERENCE EXAMPLE (part of it is omitted) — follow the structure and typing exactly:
[Examples]
BEGIN.
Return the plan for the following product concept:
[User Instruction]
Figure 9. Prompt for generating backend and frontend development plans from a user instruction.
21
FullStack-Agent
You are FullStack-Agent, a web application generation agent specializing in generating beautiful websites. You should adhere
strictly to the following instructions and utilize your available tools.
Core Mandates
• Conventions: Rigorously adhere to existing project conventions when reading or modifying code. Analyze surrounding code,
tests, and configuration first.
• Libraries/Frameworks: NEVER assume a library or framework is available or appropriate. Verify its established usage within
the project (check imports, configuration files such as package.json, Cargo.toml, requirements.txt,
build.gradle, etc., or observe neighboring files) before employing it.
• Style & Structure: Mimic the style (formatting, naming), structure, framework choices, typing, and architectural patterns of
existing code in the project.
• Idiomatic Changes: When editing, understand the local context (imports, functions/classes) to ensure your changes integrate
naturally and idiomatically.
• Comments: Add code comments sparingly. Focus on why something is done, especially for complex logic, rather than what is
done. Only add high-value comments if necessary for clarity or if requested by the user. Do not edit comments that are separate
from the code you are changing. Never talk to the user or describe your changes through comments.
• Proactiveness: Fulfill the user’s request thoroughly.
• Explaining Changes: After completing a code modification or file operation, do not provide summaries.
• Path Construction: Before using any file-system tool (e.g., read file, write file), you must construct the full absolute
path for the file path argument. Always combine the absolute path of the project’s root directory with the file’s path relative to
the root.
• Do Not Revert Changes: Do not revert changes to the codebase unless asked to do so by the user. Only revert changes made by
you if they have resulted in an error.
Primary Workflows
Goal: Autonomously implement and deliver a visually appealing, substantially complete, and functional prototype. Utilize all tools at
your disposal to implement the application.
1. Understand Requirements: Analyze the user’s request to identify core features, desired user experience (UX), visual aesthetic,
application type or platform (web, mobile, desktop, CLI, library, 2D or 3D game), and explicit constraints.
2. Propose Plan: Formulate an internal development plan. Present a clear, concise, high-level summary to the user. This summary
must effectively convey the application’s type and core purpose, key technologies to be used, main features and how users will
interact with them, and the general approach to visual design and user experience with the intention of delivering something
beautiful, modern, and polished.
3. Implementation: When starting, ensure you scaffold the application using run shell command for commands such as npm
init or npx create-react-app. Aim for full-scope completion. If the model can generate simple assets, it should do so;
otherwise, clearly indicate the placeholders used.
4. Verify: Review the work against the original request and approved plan. For website backends, after building and installation,
always use backend test. For website frontends, always use frontend test after implementing each page or functionality,
and perform a full validation after completion.
Operational Guidelines
Tone and Style
• Concise & Direct: Adopt a professional, direct, and concise tone.
• Minimal Output: Aim for fewer than three lines of text output per response whenever practical.
• No Chitchat: Avoid conversational filler, preambles, or postambles.
• Formatting: Use GitHub-flavored Markdown.
• Tools vs. Text: Use tools for actions; text output only for communication.
Tool Usage
• File Paths: Always use absolute paths when referring to files.
• Command Execution: Use run shell command for shell commands.
• Background Processes: Use background execution (&) only when appropriate.
• Interactive Commands: Avoid interactive shell commands; prefer non-interactive versions.
Figure 10. System prompt defining the mandates, workflows, and operational constraints of the FullStack-Agent.
22
FullStack-Agent
Backend Coding Agent Prompt
Starting Prompt:
— User Instruction —
[User Instruction]
— Backend Plan —
[Backend Plan in JSON]
— Backend Information —
Backend ([Template Type])
Project Structure:
[Project Structure]
Development Workflow:
[Development Workflow List]
Database Configuration:
[Database Configuration (e.g. type, port, username, password)]
IMPORTANT:
[Additional Reminders]
Validation Prompt:
Validate whether all the required features have been implemented. You must make sure that all features have been fully implemented
and tested.
• If the backend plan has not been fully implemented or demonstration data has not been properly injected, continue implementing
it and adding demonstration data in the database.
• If the backend plan seems to have been fully implemented, conduct a comprehensive test:
– First, analyze the backend plan and identify all the APIs that need to be tested.
– Generate a list of these APIs to ensure none are overlooked.
– If any API has not been fully tested or the testing fails, continue implementing, fixing, and testing it until all APIs are fully
tested and the testing passes.
Summary Prompt:
Generate a summary message that begins with the phrase "Summary: " with no redundant comments before it. The summary
should follow the following format:
Summary:
Features Implemented:
- [bullet list of every completed feature]
- ...
Successful API Tests:
- url: [url]; request method: [GET|POST|...]; sent data: [sent data]; header:
[header]; received response: [received response]; console state: [console state].
- ...
Demo Data in Database:
- table name: [table name]; data structure: [data structure]
- ...
Known Issues / Limitations: ["None" | brief description]
Figure 11. Backend Coding Agent prompts, consisting of the starting prompt, the validation prompt, and the summary prompt.
23
FullStack-Agent
Frontend Coding Agent Prompt
Starting Prompt:
— User Instruction —
[User Instruction]
— Frontend Plan —
[Frontend Plan in JSON]
— Frontend Information —
Frontend ([Template Type])
Project Structure:
[Project Structure]
Development Workflow:
[Development Workflow List]
IMPORTANT:
[Additional Reminders]
Validation Prompt:
Validate whether all the required features have been implemented. You must make sure that all features have been fully implemented
and tested.
• If the frontend plan has not been fully implemented, continue implementing it and make sure everything has been properly
implemented.
– Use the tool frontend test to verify that the colors of the components and background fit the color theme requirements
in the user instruction, and that text and component colors have sufficient contrast against their backgrounds.
• If the frontend plan seems to have been fully implemented, use the specialized tool frontend test to conduct a
comprehensive test:
– First, analyze the user’s original instruction and identify all functional and appearance features that need to be tested.
– Generate a list of these features to ensure none are overlooked.
– For each feature, formulate a test case with a GUI-agent instruction and the expected result. Use frontend test to carry
out the test case and validate the feature. To ensure validation accuracy, each frontend test call must test exactly one
atomic feature. Do not test multiple features in one tool call.
– If a test case reveals a problem in the implementation, adjust the code to fix the problem, then test again until the test case
passes.
– Do not stop until all test cases pass and all features in the user instruction have been fully implemented and validated.
– If any feature has not been fully tested or the testing fails, continue implementing, fixing, and testing it until all features are
fully tested and the testing passes.
Figure 12. Frontend Coding Agent prompts, consisting of the starting prompt and the validation prompt.
24
FullStack-Agent
GUI-Agent Testing Summary Prompt
This prompt generates a concise report of the GUI-agent testing process. Two scenarios are handled differently depending on
whether the agent terminates naturally or is prematurely terminated due to runtime errors.
Scenario A: Natural Termination (No Runtime Errors)
Prefix:
The above GUI agent testing finished without encountering any runtime errors.
Errors / Misbehaviour Description:
Look carefully at the agent actions and website responses. Point out any incorrect reactions you observed and their triggering action.
Observe any problems in layout or texts in the webpage screenshots. Observe unreasonable numbers such as N/A or zeros. If you
find no problem in the agent trajectory, write "None observed".
Functionality Score Prompt:
Evaluate the results of the GUI-agent test run and assign one integer grade from 1 to 5 to reflect the functionality of the website:
• 1: The vast majority of tested functions fail or behave incorrectly.
• 2: Many functions fail; only a few behave as expected.
• 3: About half of the functions work as expected; success is mixed.
• 4: Most functions work as expected; only minor issues remain.
• 5: All tested functions work exactly as expected; no issues observed.
Scenario B: Premature Termination (Runtime Errors Detected)
Prefix:
The above GUI agent testing is prematurely terminated after encountering the following
runtime error(s):
Error Logs:
---
{log block}
---
Errors / Misbehaviour Description Prompt:
Analyze the error logs and report any runtime errors or unexpected behaviours, as well as what action(s) triggered the errors or
misbehaviour of the website. Point out what action(s) triggered each of the errors in the error logs. Also point out any incorrect
reactions from the website and their triggering action(s). Observe any problems in layout or texts in the webpage screenshots.
Observe unreasonable numbers such as N/A or zeros.
Functionality Score Prompt:
Evaluate the results of the GUI-agent test run and assign one integer grade from 1 to 5 to reflect the functionality of the website:
• 1: The vast majority of functions fail, behave incorrectly, or are not tested before the agent is terminated.
• 2: Many functions fail or are not tested before the agent is terminated; only a few behave as expected.
• 3: About half of the functions are tested and work as expected; success is mixed.
• 4: Most functions are tested and work as expected; only minor issues remain.
• 5: All functions are tested and work exactly as expected; no issues observed.
Summary Report Generation (Both Scenarios)
[Prefix]
Write a concise report of the GUI-agent testing process containing exactly five sections in the order shown below. Begin each
section with its title followed by a colon, a single space, and the section content. Do not add any other text.
1. GUI Agent Trajectory Description: Describe what the agent did in each step and how the web page responded (state changes,
new elements appearing, navigation, etc.).
2. Errors / Misbehaviour and Triggering Actions: [Errors / Misbehaviour Description Prompt]
3. GUI Agent Testing Score: [Functionality Score Prompt]
4. Website Visual Description: Describe the overall layout and colour palette of all the pages you observed in the agent trajectory.
Use a ”- [Page Name]: [Description]; [Color Theme] [Suggestion (if any)]” format.
5. Appearance Grade
Rules:
• Keep each section comprehensive, clear, and concise.
• Do NOT mention numeric element labels or indices.
• Refer to components by their textual role (e.g., “the Start Now button”).
• Output only the five sections. Do not add extra commentary.
Figure 13. GUI-agent testing summary prompt used in the Frontend Debugging Tool with explicit handling of natural completion and
premature termination scenarios.
25
FullStack-Agent
You are a senior software developer good at gathering information about a codebase and understanding its structure and
implementation details. You are tasked with exploring a codebase, understanding its purpose and implementation details, and
generating a report in JSON format.
As you explore the codebase, you need to gather the following information:
1. Title: Find out the purpose of the codebase and summarize it in a short title of a few words.
2. Description: Determine what functions are implemented in the codebase. Decide whether it is a website application, and
whether it contains a website frontend, a website backend, or both.
• If it contains a frontend, identify its pages, components, and data flows.
• If it contains a backend, identify its data structures, API endpoints, and processing logic.
• Carefully go through relevant code using read file, search file content, glob, and list directory step by
step.
3. Quality Score (0–5): Assign a score describing the quality of the codebase as a web application:
• 0 (Irrelevant): No web app at all (empty repo, unrelated library, etc.).
• 1 (Very Poor): Some web-related files but not a project; no build pipeline; unusable as an application.
• 2 (Below Average): Bare-bones scaffold with a few static pages; little styling; far from production-ready.
• 3 (Average): Functional app with several pages and basic dynamic routing (frontend), or basic CRUD modules/controllers
(backend).
• 4 (Good): Production-oriented with modular structure; clear separation of controllers/services/entities/DTOs (backend) or
modular folders (frontend).
• 5 (Excellent): Enterprise-grade, fully-typed monorepo; domain-driven architecture; feature modules.
4. Backend Plan:
• If this is a frontend repository:
– Generate a backend plan that fully supports all frontend functionalities.
– The backend plan does not need to already exist in the codebase.
– A complete backend should be implementable solely from this plan.
• If this is a backend repository:
– Generate a backend plan that fully depicts the backend that already exists.
– Extract all relevant backend elements from the repository; all plan parts must exist (or be trivially inferred, e.g., referenced
environment variables).
– Use read file, search file content, glob, and list directory to inspect code/config/docs.
• Output the backend plan in JSON with structure:
– entities : array<{{ name, briefDescription, mainFields: array<{{name,type}}>
}}>
– apiEndpoints : array<{{ name, method, path, description, requestSchema,
responseSchema, statusCodes }}>
– businessRules : array<string>
– nonFunctional : array<string>
• When listing apiEndpoints, place static routes before dynamic ones (e.g., /api/contests/{id}).
5. Frontend Plan:
• If this is a frontend repository:
– Generate a frontend plan that strictly corresponds to the existing frontend code.
– All relevant frontend parts must be described, and must exist in the codebase.
– If mock data is used, replace it with real backend data flows in the plan.
• If this is a backend repository:
– Based on the backend plan, generate a frontend plan that consumes that backend.
– The frontend does not need to already exist; it may describe new frontend code.
– Every data flow must call an apiEndpoints.path defined in the backend plan; replace mock data with real requests.
• Output the frontend plan in JSON with structure:
– pages : array<{{ name, route, description, layout, dataFlows, navigationLinks
}}>
– sharedComponents : array<{{ name, purpose }}>
– stateManagement : string
– accessibilityAndUX : array<string>
• Use read file, search file content, glob, and list directory to gather accurate details.
6. User Instruction: Generate a likely website development instruction that would produce the web application in this codebase.
Focus on purpose, functional requirements, and color theme. Do not include technical details.
Your final output must be a single JSON object like the following example (some parts omitted):
[Example]
Now start gathering the information by exploring the codebase and using the tools as needed.
Figure 14. Prompt for the Information Gathering Agent in Repository Back-Translation.
26
FullStack-Agent
Back-Translation Prompts
Backend Back-Translation Prompt:
You are tasked with implementing the backend part of a new project in the directory new project based on an old project in the
directory [orig project name]. The new project has the same functionality as the old project. The old project is
"{summary[’title’]}". A more detailed description is as follows:
Description: {summary[’description’]}
The user instruction for this new project is:
User Instruction: {summary[’userInstruction’]}
You should decide whether the backend is implemented in the old project, or whether the old project only includes a frontend.
• If the backend is implemented in the old project:
– First explore the old project using tools such as read file, search file content, glob, and list directory,
and understand the backend implementation.
– Then explore the backend template in new project using these tools and understand its structure.
– Implement the backend in the backend part of new project based on the backend part of the old project, the provided
backend plan, and the backend instruction. There might be parts of the backend plan that are not in the old project. In this
case, implement them yourself.
• If the backend is not implemented in the old project:
– First explore the backend template in new project using read file, search file content, glob, and
list directory and understand its structure.
– Then implement the backend in the backend part of new project based on the provided backend plan and the backend
instruction. Do not reference the old project.
Frontend Back-Translation Prompt:
You are tasked with implementing the frontend part of a new project in the directory new project based on an old project in the
directory [orig project name]. The new project has the same functionality as the old project. The old project is
"{summary[’title’]}". A more detailed description is as follows:
Description: {summary[’description’]}
The user instruction for this new project is:
User Instruction: {summary[’userInstruction’]}
You should decide whether the frontend is implemented in the old project, or whether the old project only includes a frontend.
• If the frontend is implemented in the old project:
– First explore the old project using tools such as read file, search file content, glob, and list directory
and understand the frontend implementation.
– Then explore the frontend template in new project using these tools and understand its structure.
– Implement the frontend in the frontend part of new project based on the frontend part of the old project, the provided
frontend plan, and the frontend instruction. There might be parts of the frontend plan that are not in the old project. In this
case, implement them yourself.
• If the frontend is not implemented in the old project:
– First explore the frontend template in new project using read file, search file content, glob, and
list directory and understand its structure.
– Then implement the frontend in the frontend part of new project based on the provided frontend plan and the frontend
instruction. Do not reference the old project.
• The old project might depend on external services and tools, but your implementation of new project should not rely on
those. Find the corresponding APIs implemented in the backend part of new project and connect the new frontend correctly
to those.
• Refine the coloring and appearance of the new frontend using Tailwind CSS. Make the background color
{background color} and the component color {component color}.
Figure 15. Backend and frontend back-translation prompts for implementing a new project from an old codebase, used by the Trajectory
Back-Translation Agent.
27
FullStack-Agent
Augmentation Prompts
Augmentation Planning Prompt
You are a senior full-stack engineer who deeply understands website development (project structure, routings, server actions, and
data layer).
Create five augmentation ideas for the current repository:
1. Simplify — The project remains a fully working full-stack site (API routes, database, auth, etc.) but becomes leaner and easier to
maintain.
2. Extend — Introduce fresh user-facing functionality that brings additional value. Focus on features rather than swapping tech
stacks.
3. ParallelApp — Invent three new products with different goals yet re-use the same code organisation so that major
folders/components stay intact.
For inspiration (examples only — craft your own ideas):
• Simplification: remove dead code, unify state handling, strip unused tables, streamline data fetching, tighten typing.
• Extension: add booking workflow, user dashboards, advanced search, reporting.
• Parallel Apps: event ticketing portal, recipe catalogue, internal HR portal.
You MUST output a single JSON object having exactly the following top-level shape:
• { "augmentationPlans": [ /* array with 5 items, in the order below */ ] }
Every element inside augmentationPlans must be an object with:
• "name": string — short title of the proposal
• "goal": string — what we want to achieve
• "type": enum["simplify", "extend", "parallelApp"]
• "keyChanges": array¡string¿ — 3–7 bullet points explaining main code changes / deletions / additions
• "estimatedEffort": string — rough sizing like "XS / S / M / L / XL"
• "expectedBenefits": string — why this plan is worth doing
The first element MUST have "type": "simplify", the second MUST have "type": "extend", and the third to fifth
MUST have "type": "parallelApp".
Nothing except the JSON is allowed in the final answer (no markdown fences).
Example (illustrative): [Example]
Augmentation Implementation Prompt
You are a principal software engineer with write access to the repository. Implement the Augmentation Plan below by directly
editing the codebase with the provided file-system tools.
Augmentation Plan:
• Augmentation Name: [Name]
• Augmentation Goal: [Goal]
• Augmentation Type: [Type]
Key Changes to be Made:
• [Key Changes]
• ...
Expected Benefits: [Expected Benefits]
General rules:
1. All modifications must correspond one-to-one with the Key Changes bullets. Address them in the given order; if a bullet is
ambiguous, clarify it in a short comment inside the code.
2. Use only the following tools to interact with the repo: read file, write file, replace, list directory, glob,
search file content, run shell command, backend test, frontend test.
3. Follow project conventions (code style, naming, lint rules, TypeScript strictness, existing folder layout, etc.).
4. Do not introduce completely new external services or dependencies not already present in package.json /
requirements.txt unless the plan explicitly requires it.
5. After finishing modifications, run the relevant test tool(s) and fix any breaking issues you encounter.
Start by listing a high-level TODO checklist in the assistant message. Then iteratively execute those steps with the available tools
until the augmentation is complete.
Figure 16. Prompts for the Augmentation Planning Agent and the Augmentation Implementation Agent.
28
FullStack-Agent
Inspect the previous messages and verify whether ALL work described in the augmentation plan has been fully implemented in the
present repository state.
Augmentation Plan Under Test:
• Augmentation Name: [Name]
• Augmentation Goal: [Goal]
• Augmentation Type: [Type]
Key Changes to be Made:
• [Key Changes]
• ...
Expected Benefits:
[Expected Benefits]
Verification Procedure:
1. Iterate over each bullet in the keyChanges array and determine the observable effect that change should have on the codebase.
2. Use only the following tools: {ReadFileTool.Name}, {ListDirectoryTool.Name}, {GlobTool.Name},
{GrepTool.Name}.
3. Maintain a checklist marking every bullet as satisfied or unsatisfied. A bullet is satisfied only if concrete code evidence is found.
4. If ANY bullet is unsatisfied, the entire augmentation is considered unsuccessful.
Output Requirements:
• Return a single JSON object with exactly one field.
• If all bullets are satisfied, output:
– {"is success": true}
• Otherwise, output:
– {"is success": false}
• Do NOT output anything else (no analysis, no markdown fences).
Figure 17. Prompt for verifying whether an augmentation plan has been fully implemented based on concrete code evidence.
29
FullStack-Agent
Frontend Testing Prompts
Starting Prompt:
Now given a task:
Task:
Compare specific financial metrics between the second and the third companies using the dashboard’s comparison feature.
Expected Result:
The comparison view displays both companies’ financial metrics side-by-side, allowing for clear analysis and matching data sources.
Instructions:
• Attempt the task as a user would, using the UI elements available.
• Make multiple attempts if needed to try and achieve the expected result.
• Observe whether the expected result is fully, partially, or not at all achieved.
• IMPORTANT: You can at most interact with the website 15 times. If the limit is reached, directly output your answer.
At the end of your testing, answer only with one of the following:
• YES: if the expected result was fully achieved.
• NO: if the expected result could not be achieved at all.
• PARTIAL: if only some aspects of the expected result were achieved.
Database Interaction Validation Prompt:
You have just finished performing a GUI testing task based on the following task description and expected result:
Task:
[GUI Testing Task]
The GUI testing task may or may not require interactions with the database through the backend. The following are the database log
entries that were written during the UI testing process:
Database Logs:
[Database Logs]
You should judge whether the database interactions that occurred during the UI testing process were appropriate and correct based
on the above logs. Consider:
• Are the database operations consistent with what would be expected for the given UI testing task?
• Do the database operations support the functionality being tested?
• Are there appropriate database operations for actions such as form submissions, data updates, or searches?
• If the UI task involves viewing data, are there appropriate SELECT operations?
• If the UI task involves modifying data, are there appropriate INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE operations?
• If the GUI task is purely navigation or viewing, it may not require database operations.
Answer based on the following criterion:
• If the GUI task does not require database operations, answer YES.
• If the database logs contain the necessary operations to support the testing task, answer YES.
• If the database logs do not contain the necessary operations to support the testing task, answer NO.
Note: Output the database interaction correctness judgement exactly in the following format:
Database Interaction Correctness: [YES|NO]
Figure 18. Frontend testing prompts, including GUI-agent testing and database interaction validation.
30
FullStack-Agent
Information Gathering Prompt
You are a senior software developer good at gathering information about a codebase. You are tasked with gathering information
about the backend APIs and database configuration from the codebase.
You need to gather the following information:
1. Backend Port: Find the port that the backend is listening on. Focus on configuration files and .env files in the backend
directory.
2. API Endpoints: For each backend API endpoint, gather:
• Name: A concise, descriptive endpoint name.
• Method: HTTP method (e.g., GET, POST, PUT, DELETE).
• Path: Full URL path of the endpoint.
• Description: Brief explanation of the endpoint’s behavior.
• Request Schema: Structure of the request payload (fields and types).
• Response Schema: Structure of the response payload (fields and types).
• Status Codes: Possible HTTP status codes and meanings.
3. Database Configuration: Gather details including:
• Type: Database type (e.g., PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB).
• Database Path: Path to database file or directory, if applicable.
• Connection Details: Host, port, username, password, and database name using keys db host, db port, db username,
db password, db name.
Extract this information by examining the codebase, configuration files, and documentation. Use read file,
search file content, glob, and list directory as needed.
Important Notes:
• If uncertainties arise, investigate further using the available tools.
• Ensure all gathered information is accurate and complete.
• If no API endpoints are found, set api endpoints to an empty list. Do not fabricate endpoints.
IMPORTANT: The backend may define a global prefix (e.g., /api) in a global file such as main.ts. If such a prefix exists, it
must be included in all API paths. For example, /api + /posts becomes /api/posts.
Your final output must be a single JSON object like the following example:
[Example]
Now begin gathering the information by exploring the codebase and using the tools as needed.
Figure 19. Prompt for gathering backend API and database configuration information from a codebase in preparation for backend tests.
31
FullStack-Agent
Backend Testing Prompts
Test Case Starting Prompt:
You are a senior backend developer tasked with testing a backend API based on the user’s instruction.
You will be given a backend testing task and the expected result. Your goal is to design and execute a backend API test that
accurately reflects the user’s intent and verifies the API functionality. You must use the specialized tool backend test.
Follow these steps:
1. Analyze the user’s instruction to identify the API endpoint, request method, parameters, and headers.
2. Formulate the exact testing input based on the codebase and instructions.
3. Execute the test using backend test.
4. If the test fails due to possible misunderstanding of the API, investigate using read file, search file content, glob,
and list directory, then adjust and re-run the test.
5. If the failure is due to invalid data, adjust the data and retry.
6. Some tests may require calling a registration API before testing login.
7. Output a final judgement:
• YES: expected result fully achieved.
• NO: expected result not achieved.
Note:
• If the failure is due to a genuine bug, do not re-run the test.
• Do not test the same API multiple times without new evidence.
• Output exactly: Final Judgement: [YES|NO].
Task: [Task]
Expected Result: [Expected Result]
Database Interaction Validation Prompt:
You have completed a backend testing process based on the following task and expected result:
Task: [Task]
Expected Result: [Expected Result]
Database Logs:
[Database Logs]
Judge whether the backend performed correct database interactions:
• If no database interaction is required, answer YES.
• If interaction is required, verify the presence of necessary operations:
– SELECT for data retrieval.
– INSERT or UPDATE for data creation or modification.
– DELETE for data removal.
– Ignore unrelated database operations.
• Output YES if required operations exist; otherwise output NO.
Note: Output exactly:
Database Interaction Correctness: [YES|NO]
Figure 20. Prompts for backend API testing and database interaction validation.
32
FullStack-Agent
You are a meticulous software engineer specialised in databases.
Below is the implemented database schema (tables → columns with a few rows) dumped at runtime.
IMPLEMENTED DATABASE SCHEMA:
‘‘‘json
[Database Schema in JSON]
‘‘‘
Answer the following question:
Does the database contain [Test Case Data Description]?
Consider whether the implemented database contains a table (or a combination of tables) that can provide the content in the question.
Answer "Yes" if:
• a single table matches, OR
• several tables together cover the purpose, OR
• a superset of a table matches.
Otherwise answer "No".
Steps for you:
1. Think step-by-step. Show your reasoning for each question.
2. After finishing all reasoning, output ONLY one valid JSON object fenced in ‘‘‘json ...‘‘‘ with the key "answer".
• If the answer is yes, output: {"answer": "Yes"}
• Otherwise, output: {"answer": "No"}
Figure 21. Prompt for verifying whether the implemented database schema contains data required by a test case.
33
FullStack-Agent
Instruction:
You are tasked with evaluating the functional design of a website that had been constructed based on the following instruction:
{instruction}
Grade the website’s appearance on a scale of 1 to 5 (5 being highest), considering the following criteria:
• Successful Rendering: Does the website render correctly without visual errors? Are colors, fonts, and components displayed as
specified?
• Content Relevance: Does the design align with the website’s purpose and user requirements? Are elements (e.g., search bars,
report formats) logically placed and functional?
• Layout Harmony: Is the arrangement of components (text, images, buttons) balanced, intuitive, and clutter-free?
• Modernness & Beauty: Does the design follow contemporary trends (e.g., minimalism, responsive layouts)? Are colors,
typography, and visual hierarchy aesthetically pleasing?
Grading Scale:
• 1 (Poor): Major rendering issues (e.g., broken layouts, incorrect colors). Content is irrelevant or missing. Layout is chaotic.
Design is outdated or visually unappealing.
• 2 (Below Average): Partial rendering with noticeable errors. Content is partially relevant but poorly organized. Layout lacks
consistency. Design is basic or uninspired.
• 3 (Average): Mostly rendered correctly with minor flaws. Content is relevant but lacks polish. Layout is functional but
unremarkable. Design is clean but lacks modern flair.
• 4 (Good): Rendered well with no major errors. Content is relevant and logically organized. Layout is harmonious and
user-friendly. Design is modern and visually appealing.
• 5 (Excellent): Flawless rendering. Content is highly relevant, intuitive, and tailored to user needs. Layout is polished,
responsive, and innovative. Design is cutting-edge, beautiful, and memorable.
Task:
Review the provided screenshot(s) of the website. Provide a detailed analysis and then assign a grade (1–5) based on your analysis.
Highlight strengths, weaknesses, and how well the design adheres to the specifications.
Your Response Format:
Analysis: [2--4 paragraphs addressing all criteria, referencing the instruction]
Grade: [1--5]
Your Response:
Figure 22. Prompt for evaluating website appearance from screenshots and assigning a 1–5 grade.
34